You know, what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States . . .
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can get dressed as a farmer, or with leather clothing, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and Egyptians.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that you got in a place.
You just have to turn on the apple to look at it as an epiphany . .
That's the painting of a circle . .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood.
It's the kind of complicated circle of which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, at Stanford, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
They were beaten up until I bleed every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved me my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the professor room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to get out of the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that master, the Party lady who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know.
You could go to Ohio, and please bring that man I know you've found.
And I must tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland . . . . .
We went to see, we laugh, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be honored.
We found it a place, we put it together, and we take care of it, and we got out of his family, because it was necessary . .
It's something that we knew how to do . . .
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a ash box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that he talked about was made present in itself . .
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life . .
I need truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this today.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first camps.
I was amazed.
My heart carries fast, I was pregnant, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tabooks around me were coming out of the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think that it was a snowflake on another snow after year.
The cards are born when you get out of glaciers or break the ice bars.
Each tax has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences . .
Some of them refuse to get up and fall down to the end, whereas others can't support them more and they're scary in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are spectacular separate and alone, as much as we see ourselves sometimes as a human.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a eardrum is melting, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere . . .
As a eardrum is melted, a eardrum releases rich water water that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these chapters as if it was the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, there are just that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not death when you melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that photography is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg that I photographed in Kethanis, Greenland.
It's very little frequent to come really to get a strong iceberg.
Here you have.
You can see the left one.
It's about five meters . . .
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the taxi and your floating line . .
You can see here, you start rolling, the ship has moved over the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Game iceberg, the average size.
Over about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partner in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each containing a baby . Okay.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the concept, because if you stop to think about the conception of it, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment . . .
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
Both of them are going to go and start the life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my activity, I tend to fill two roles.
One of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a story of training, and what I study in this case is the way people approach the anatomy -- namely, human and animals, how they have considered body fluids, the idea of the body; what they thought about the body.
The other role that you want in my work is the activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, impossible of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with instant twins, two people inside a body.
I've worked with people with engineers -- people much lower than half.
And I've been working with many cases of outliers with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the conventional male and female schools.
In general lines, we can describe it interface . .
The interface adopted many forms.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't match the male or female forms.
So for example, there's the case of the individual with community communities, which is the SR gene of the chromosome, and it tells the prototypes, we all have in the front life, that they become testicles.
And then, in deadly life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same . .
It is the syndrome syndrome syndrome.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops in a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby is a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty, when he's growing up and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the prime period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it, they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome . . . .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but actually not that.
Women, like men, have a body called supermarket glands.
They're on the top of the body.
Supermarket glands produce choices, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me, I think of a typical woman, and I don't know his chromosomes structure; I think it will be a typical woman most women like me, and they're sensitive to hell.
We produce denser and we respond to the leaders.
As a consequence, someone like me have the most exposed brain to the legislators that the woman who was born with testicles that have the blood intensity syndrome.
So sex is a complicated thing . It's not that intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- you can somehow be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy, and raised as looking at it, I had a girlfriend, and sexual relations with her, I had a life like a boy, and he had just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus.
I had an extreme form of a disease known as frozen synthetic hypertension.
It had computer chromosomes, and in the ground the supermarket glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were married, his brain was exposed to the typically male component.
I was born with a child, no one suspicious . .
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by internal messaging, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of instruction.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what's known as an options, which is to say, they have an organic tissue wrapped in standard tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many variety of sex . .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are ended up, twins, or interrogation they are to normal surgery is not in order to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why they are given to several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible idea.
And when you're presented by a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with authority.
So that we have very romantic ideas in our culture to individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born like two people within a body.
The biggest recent case is last year with the South African correct corridor, and it was put in court of his sex in the International Olympics of Berlin . . .
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What are they going to do in order to determine whether Saul simulations is a man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a vacant line between men and women or and intersections and women and interfaces, and we're who we are taking that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the longer science is going, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that corresponds directly with stable identity categories -- are much more dense than we thought . .
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a strategy terrain . . .
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do in the fact of having a difference of them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we put in science, we get more more and more in a uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we're probably doing are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the areas of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to see a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights than the fetus.
There are very cheap arguments today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine, when someone considers death . .
Our ancestors never had to come up with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a feather in front of your nose, and if he moved, they didn't bury it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we have to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past . . . .
And you may think that this category of categories could fold someone like me . . .
In politics, I'm progressively defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I'll find that these categories are much more unstable than we were thinking about.
Take from the point of view of the concept of democracy . .
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a farmer adopter of the parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big . . .
I mean, they were so brave and bold, and so radical on what they did, which I find each other to see that musical course,``176"and not by the music, which is completely safe . .
That's why it happened in 1973 with the founding parents.
The parents are, for me, the first anatomy activists and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful, and it was kept for 200 years.
And, like everybody remembers, what you rejected our parents for was the idea of the monarchy . The monarchy was in a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth.
They had the blue blood concept.
They were from the idea that it came to political power by the blood right on the father and then the son and so forth.
The parents were rejected that idea and replaced it for a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They raised the game camp, and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not anatomical differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an elevated system that they were being spent by two things.
democracy was going on, and at the same time, the science was born . .
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the founding fathers, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading from the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of sub-Saharan power, which is a variety of birth to birth.
They were moving into a natural concept . . .
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, they were broadcasting us the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting the foundations of the future rights movement of Civil Rights.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later??
And women succeeded.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Singapore Tree, who said,``I'm not a woman? ''
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights Movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who appealed to the anatomical coincidence of anatomy, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Movement of Design.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the conditions, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep a few dimensions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human . .
I don't want to say that we should have us in the anatomy . .
I don't mean that five years were supposed to be allowed to have sexual relationships or marry.
There are some anatomic dimensions that for me, and I think we should keep . . .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, we went back to those two beings conceived at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both conceived in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
And imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before, June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born: born on March 1 , 1980.
For the only fact, it's born three months before Mary was attributed every single three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for that, not because it has a different biological age, but it was born later.
We find other races in relation to their rights . . .
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- -- I didn't tell you whether it's UC, in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory electron that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, on your part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example . . .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry with a woman just in some states.
So they still persist cartoons that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science came so much in the field of the anatomy that we came to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could disappear?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scanned.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have a chromosome, and to marry with a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't do chromosomes to people.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the intensity of intensity to the condoms.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``The Dead Harvest"offered a solution.
It says that we should judge people, not in the color of your skin, but in the content of your character, going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people in the background of their character?
I also want to point out as well that I'm not sure we should be based on this to keep rights rights to people, because I've been able to admit that I know about a few cats that are going to be more likely to deserve the social services that I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people of 40 I I know . .
So how do you put the content of the content of character?
It's very hard.
And a part of myself is asked what would happen if the character of a person could be measured in the future being measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance . .
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to get this current of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the anger where a man who a man who is drawn to by other men is susceptible to being killed, unless it's willing to join a sex shift, in which case you can live.
We're not in that situation . . . .
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I'd made a couple of years ago, and I had made a little bit of twin twins so that they'll be separated, and so on.
But when I asked the phone, it was a very risky operation, and he said that in that other country, these children would be very abused, and therefore I had to do it.
So I said,``Well, has you considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people to be who they are without intending to change for the state of the state . .
So I think we need to be in your head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think of what democracy would be like, or as it could have been, if we had given more participation to mothers . . .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic players, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intergalactic, I've also been interested in research for sexual difference.
And one of the things I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the cross-border studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if you think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands . .
So years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism --``I considered feminist ,"as I was now made a little bit of weird.
\" Tell me what it's about feminine the feminism . . ''
And I thought,``This is the most stupid question I've heard.
The feminism has to do with getting rid of the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about her question, the more has seemed to me that there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there could be something, on average, something different between the feminine brain and the male that makes us more attractive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable . .
So while the parents were very keen to find out how to protect people from the state of the state, it's possible that, you know, you've started more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So, as we try to create a more perfect union, think about what we do for each other . .
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks of where you want to go live and work, it has the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're a lot more than their building cost.
So we could easily give it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may be absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace it for apartment buildings . .
Imagine that half of those who want to live in apartments are already proprietary, and at the other half still you would still leave it.
You could try to increase the capacity by making expanded in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that these buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid the tolerance and the distractions of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all of those emotions . .
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate the building instead of getting it.
So I proposed that governments to create new big enough areas to contain cities, and I gave them a name: cities under status.
Later I found out that more or less at the same time, Java and eighth were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 households would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, they went through a displaced constitutional crisis . .
In the next regular elections, Pop wolf was automatically imposed with a platform where it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation . .
He asked October to be her cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a huge amount of evidence with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current additions of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both of technologies as well as rules to progress, and usually they are the rules that prevent us to move.
In the fall of 2010, a Guatemala friend sent to eight a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan . . . . .
They called me.
They said,``Let's look at this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a hospital conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost . .
And I used this picture that shows the land of the land in a place like New York City . -- teachers that, in some cases, value thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a peace, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a state under the stomach is a place where you start with willing terrain, a state that specifies the rules that will apply there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or do not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
It asked me to go to Palestinian and speak again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I was trying to explain that for a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the donations that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that was at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody was blown up.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader of Congress came to the platform and said,``Professor Rover, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . .
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials, that a new city can provide new choices for people . .
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles away to North.
And it would also include new options for leaders . .
Because the London government leaders would need help countries, they could benefit from the countries that would help them build and make the standards of the status, so everyone could trust that the status is effectively going.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily get a thousand miles square.
And shortly after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to get their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow to create these special regions of development.
In a country that has just gone through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress, for the course of this constitutional simulation was 120 to one.
All of the parties, all the factors in society, was supported.
To get involved in the Constitution, you have to cover twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another voting, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting, about 21 on February 24, a delegation of about 30 mushrooms went to two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new great center of the city that's building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center . . .
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after four years passed on the permission.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third . .
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are . .
They have a site, and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow her Supreme Court to be the last instant court for this new legal system.
There are urban urban urban buildings that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of residents.
There are many companies that would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade, and there are many people who would like to go there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say that they would like to change another place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go and get a job; sometimes they're a solar mother that you have to earn the money for just eating or buying clothes . . .
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids are trying to meet them with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or will you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about thinking for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honor friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with guns.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, contrasted, colorful and different for each other.
But it doesn't buy new stuff.
All my clothes are a second hand of pump markets and secondhand stores.
Oh, thank you . . .
The secondhand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my garbage in the environment and my wallet.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause, and my point is unique; and buying becomes my personal search search.
I mean, what am I going to find today??
Is it going to be my shop?
Would I like color?
It's less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you get someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven indoor blocks, and nothing else.
The interior clothing for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who was walking through TED in interior clothes, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this bright tiger.
You don't spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost see a phenomenal for less than 50 dollars . .
All the way, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible to be of bad humor, when you're wearing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is super-verbal.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just yourself.
If you surround you, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate you . .
Wednesday: Wow of the child you take in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the designs, or I remind them to their seven year-old.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Together: trust is the key.
If you think you're looking at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 who really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds . .
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no notice you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve . .
Thank you.
See, a universal truth, six words for you: The golden speakers go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: To develop a personal style of itself and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week, just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to get excited about these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, bright suit, and if there is a little bit of love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much . .
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the application of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical . .
This would be someone who is totally intuitive . .
So where would you turn your brain on this scale?
Some of these ends, but I think that for most of the interests of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big contribution in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that it's mutually exclusive . .
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to collect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing . . . . .
It's a certain intuition that you may have developed with the year's step is the one that says that one thing can be alone in one place at the same time . . .
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a little boy, and he didn't do it very well, it was always falling . . .
But I bet that play with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to catch them, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange little particles . .
And when you play with their particles, they find out that they do all kinds of weird things -- like they can cross walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, a few years ago, they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles . .
But not the needed to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles . .
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them . . .
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it doesn't fit my logic.
Because if everything is made from small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I should not.
And so I felt much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that . . .
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a joint of quantum mechanics . .
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal thing I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to get it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then we're doing a pretty good approach to the small metal process . .
So what we see is a little little bit of metal, which is a little bit of plywood, and that supported it in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours . . .
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of a bandwidth that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for this, it needs a little bit of help . . .
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a conference alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing these things, because I don't want them to them, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companions of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that will release it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room . . .
And so we knew that if we wanted this metal piece of metal to actually agree quantum mechanics, we'd have to push all other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we get out the air, and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, being alone in the elevator, the small piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it's moving in very strange ways . .
Instead of being perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way I was vibrating was like a breath like this -- like a figure that expands and contract.
And by giving you a smooth, we could make it vibrate and not vibrating at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and not vibrating at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the million atoms that make that piece of metal are stuck and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're deployed.
I mean, every atom is on two different places at the same time, which means that the entire metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great . .
Really.
It's worth lock up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that person of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was described in space?
There's another part of the story . . .
And it's when we caught it, and we turned up the lights, and we looked inside the box, and we saw the metal on a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just made in a little space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true . .
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that these connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound weirdness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon . . .
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google, until I threw the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss that is here and that allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo . .
There are lots of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is the access . . .
I grew up in India . .
A big education of a big education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and the artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museum, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better that I'm going to show you a couple of interesting things that we've taken out from its launch.
So simply, we go to Computer.
Look around all the museums that are.
There's the Federal gallery, the MoMA, the Einstein, the Redwood, the Van Gogh . . . . . .
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Methalatia, the New York City museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple . . .
We click and, bam, we're in the museum.
No matter where they're, Bombay or Microsoft, that doesn't matter.
You move around and fun.
Want to navigate the museum?
We opened the plane up, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
They go forward . They'll split!
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best . . .
Now I'm front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Colliders"by Peter Brilliant in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in the art, you click there, but I'm going to make click right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the player technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pounds . .
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10,000 million pixels? ''
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pixels . .
It can make it a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, your expression doesn't have a price . . .
But if you really wish it.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this looks interesting . ''
I found out that the kids were actually playing something.
I looked up a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a so-called``unclear game], which is to hit an ocean with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now, just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go away, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to go out again at MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the parties?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this work?
It increases it, and it really does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this square, and I'm actually going to get to the cracks . .
This is``the start night ,"I think I had never seen it before . . .
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I have no time to show you.
This is the really cool part.
All of you, absolutely everybody, doesn't matter if it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives the same . .
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all of these images.
It's very simple, you go into, I've created this function I call``The Power of The Boy ,"-- we just did a zoo around.
This is about``The ambassador"in the National Gallery of London . .
You can test things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you're sitting in contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even not from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this . . . .
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, I do justice to your artwork and that's represented properly online.
And the big question I'm asking today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not . .
It's to eat experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it responsive design . .
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all of the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I'm showing you this is that something really interesting has happened in Farmer 1 careers in the last two decades.
It's just a while ago, if you want to win a career of Formula 1, take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what, in engineering, is called a real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an actuators.
The interesting thing is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics . . .
They're becoming computers in free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
By taking cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
Seventy-five percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond the cities, all of these differences and activities are entering our everyday objects . .
This is from a Lashi Angele exhibition for years at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk to me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us . . .
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms, we become sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with foreign environment.
In a sense it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo ...
You know, when Michelangelo pops up the Moses, he's said,``The hammer took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses, and he's still looking at a little mile underneath, and he said he said,``Do you stand out? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insist in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer for 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and in the end, Libya gave the head.
And anyway, at the end, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the T. River . .
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is on the top.
By the time there are people over here and there doing calls, moving.
The game starts: silence . . .
Goliath from France . Italy.
The whole thing, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of representative time.
First additional time, second.
Kibera, and in a moment, the head.
Win Italy, yeah!!
That night everyone went to the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they went to the center at the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called circus Masters where, from the Roman age, people are going to celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the summit at the end of the day.
This is just one example of how the city's pulse can measure in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the province of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that makes a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going . .
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the garbage in its shift through the system . .
We started with volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they're going to throw out.
Then we put them a little chip, a label, to the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week . . . .
And with this information, we realized that there are lots of incentives in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that we didn't exist before . . .
They're going on complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transport.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every single day that the cup that we pull doesn't disappear, that's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we pull a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can make some change of behavior.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asserten Berties, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago at Law.
He all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture . .
And the question was: how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that they have a fall and valves, valves of solenoids, flashlights that are open and closed.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, to show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom up, the curtain would open up so we can go, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Beijing mayor . .
He liked a lot.
It wants a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Diagram de Digital Water . . . .
All the building is made of water.
There are no windows or windows, but when you approach it to be open so you can go.
The roof is also covered with water . .
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the radiologists, you get down the roof . .
Or you can close the building and the whole architecture goes down, like this.
There will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there, and he said,``We memorized the building . ''
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it gets down almost all the architecture goes away.
This is what it works.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to not to get me to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun . .
All of the children in Zeater came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up, but a building that continued to make cuts and holes of water, and you had to jump to not get wet.
And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, the water pixels, and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think of the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it's a cloud that moves in space . . .
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, who moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible display like this with normal configurations in two dimensions.
But normal, but in three dimensions, where it changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different kind.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes, different kinds of resolution.
And then, all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D, which you can zoom up, and go back and see from very different angles.
This is the real collaborated Florida, going down to form a V, like before . . .
When you light the light, you see this, the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input coming from people, people's movement, etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boston -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the star of the New York City and the Miller scale to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a Food entry.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's very 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible for the Flipper.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the Cloud . .
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment, just like a cloud of clouds like the grain of a cloud, but with a cloud . .
Imagine that we could make it all donated a little bit.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world . .
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet . .
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city . . .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How about the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage in doing this together, collectively . .
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered from pixels . . .
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, you can serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection to the community . . .
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can get into there.
As if it was a new digital headlights at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they might improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, be stronger, have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and more confident?
How about a good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if they could choose something???
( Audience Member: creativity . creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand . . Let me see . . . .
A few . It's probably due to the number of creative people present.
That's really good . .
How many of you would do memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Now evolution has been a theme here at TED Conference, but I want to give you the look of a physician on the subject . . .
The great geneticist in the 20th century, Egypt, Embassy, who was in the Church Crow Church, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of the Evolution . ''
But if you actually embrace biological evolution, consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it refer to others or to us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well, in a extreme, is, of course, the one we're interested in.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervals, there's been maybe 20 different species of hominids . .
Some of you have gone back and forth . . .
We've been here about 120,000 years.
It might seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacterium to producing the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, built chemistry, which comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damascus brings you out of the authority -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria . .
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very cheap.
And we're going to provide them all the nutrients that you can want without effort from their part.
It's really like a quick route for bacteria with the occasional intersection of some force to the output . . .
But by the way, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, something perhaps better to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief, the animal kingdom, as a single and unique companies, and human life, a small note of grace . .
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I just entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology . .
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to two daughter cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things begin to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body is in evolution in the same moment of sexual reproduction . . .
I have to confess that when I was a college student thought, well, Secretary, sex, death, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burns's feelings, who was still acting in the Vegas well in his 90 years . .
And one night someone hits her hotel door . .
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a magnificent language of clothes . .
And it looks at him and says,``I was looking for a separate soup . ''
\" It's fine ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different target to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive, just different . .
He was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted you to keep us healthy . .
I wanted to reclaim health in disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
The evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view you and I are like reflective rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next organizational level, and then let the sea fall down.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen says when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my job . . . ''
I want to make it not die . . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the stronger or the fastest, and even the most intelligent.
The evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success . .
At the bottom of the ocean, the television bacteria that can survive the heat of the formula that would produce, if there were fish there, fish in the vacuum, however, you've managed to make that an accumulated environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there are lots of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, in first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been downloaded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've questioned our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it . .
And by the way, we migrate, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation needed to happen.
A second possibility is that it's produced an evolution of the traditional, natural, imposed type of forces of nature . .
And the argument here would be: that evolution engineers are going to go slowly, but they're inevitable.
And in terms of isolation, when as a different species of planets, there are going to be isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
The so-called nervous call, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take . .
Now, how could this happen??
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are taking decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not a really good thing for society, but that's what you get at the individual and family level.
Think also also that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring, but, in your own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease . .
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the Apollo??
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project began in 1990, and it took 13 years.
It costs 2,500 billion dollars . .
The year after I had finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost to the $20,000 dollars and a week.
It won't be a lot to be done for the human genome for $1,000 and be more and more to the scope of everyone.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe or there's not an experimental trial in course with the flu of the arable influence in a tablet plant.
Can you imagine a good thing that comes out of the tobacco?
That's true today and the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just two little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring?
What if they could change the sperm and the values, or change the value, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, remove the mammoth, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who don't want to want to be healthy?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt sporting sports -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster muscle, which allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be broken.
And when we're in conditions of getting this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have become the evolution of before in the device . .
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe it's in the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to them.
Are we going to use these options in some of a better, more successful, more considered??
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more unified or more robust and more versatile?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to confront.
And the deepest thing about everything: are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit wisdom, to make these decisions about?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think about, these options are going to depend on us . .
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making clear, classroom, click.
Scale, click, clarify, click . . . . . . . .
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the middle . . .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot rings the airplane with the Hudson River . .
Generally that's not the route.
It turned off the motors . .
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise . .
And then he said three words.
The three most detailed words I've heard.
He said,``I'll prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant . .
I could see it in his eyes . .
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes on an instant.
We have this list of things to do before I die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fence I wanted to repair, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I thought of that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``College wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'll open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life . .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoided the George Washington bridge, which was not very much -- I thought about, wow, I just feel a great weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave my ego.
And I read the time that I wasted on things that didn't matter with people who matter . .
And I thought in my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with the people . .
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life . .
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
It's no longer to be right; Elvis will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock is going to go down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the sense of, whoa, dying doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad . .
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was powered in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow up . .
A month later, I was in a cartoon of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent, still ., crying, like a little.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point, I'm going to connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent . .
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I was given a miracle, not to die that day.
And I got another gift, which was the ability to look at the future and come back and live differently.
You guys are flying today, the challenges that you can imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What do they do, who would still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How would their relationships change and the negative energy in them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents that you can??
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked on was for this guy . .
The guy is called September.
TED was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
And one day he came to his house after running and said,``Dad, I feel a little bit in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, TED has total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced in me.
I have a design and animation firm, so, obviously, graffiti is something inside that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and reunited with her brother and father and said,``Let's give this money.
What are they going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, is it not that I see Stephen Hawking, not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're someone important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do they communicate then? ''
Anybody to see the film``School and butterfly? ''
They communicate in that way -- you're going to go through the finger . .
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I introduced myself with the only wish to deliver a check and instead of that I signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
He engaged me with his brother and his father there at the time,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate . . ''
So I talked about a lecture a couple months later.
I met these guys called Glenhoad Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser pointer, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art installations like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after to Bush and, ultimately, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations . . .
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and to move things around, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the insurance companies, and we got a machine so that FEMA could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing: I call it a``Apple"because when you talk to the guy, you get an email from him, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and constraints and adversarians took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we were going to come back, they would have taken out the walls of the walls, and in their place, it would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we were programming, we went to the window of Venice, my son was part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Edinburgh, and you can see the description.
It's a pair of cheap soldiers that we buy in the March Beach of Venice, some of the copper wire and the things from Home sport and Radio Shake . . .
We take a camera PC camera, we open it up, we fly it on a light of LED, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we publish the free code, the software goes down free.
And we created a device that has no limitations at all.
There is no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome . . .
So at the end of two weeks, we returned to the AIDS room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this balance and harmony during the great opening.
And then over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of its life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the outside hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you would imagine what the feeling was in the parking . . .
The funny thing was that we had to dig on the parking, so we feel like we were legitimate as well.
And at the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue it, and I was going out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful??
It's in a way our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magical screen . . .
Somebody with this potential artistic deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards . .
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this . . . . .
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prize was,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us and then in December, the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 invention of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best of all this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle, is that in April of this year at the Georgetown of the Monopoly Center, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the Street . ''
And``Art on the streets"is going to have the best experiments of urban urban art, Stewart Fainbum, CAPT all, they're going to be there.
It's going to be in the show that's pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, make it possible . . .
None of what is in this room was possible -- the computer, the microphone, the except nothing was possible at some time.
Make it possible -- anything from this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology; I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that we all do every day when we're going to find something that we feel like you have to do . If it's not, when? And if it's not me, who?
Thank you guys . .
I've spent the last few years to get into usually very hard situations and the same time a dangerous . . .
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous . . .
He filmed in war areas -- hard and dangerous . .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something hard in the middle, very dangerous in the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully to analyze them in a way that they look trained and accessible to the audience . .
So when I knew I'd come here to make a TEDTalk over the world of brands and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took an airplane in eBay . .
I sent a few messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered to sale the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the next thing was:``State South SAN"present: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is, and the content could explain it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company.
But this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks??
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way . .
So even with that hip, I knew that someone was going to buy the right name.
If I asked you a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell them.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been shoved in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, and nothing could be addressed, for something as hard as I'll go into the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Sputnik: I like to make a film that's about the position of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with products of products, marketing and advertising . .
The film is going to be called``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What's going to happen in``The biggest movie ever sold"is that all of the top at the bottom, at the end, has pieces of brand, all the time, from the superintegration that comes before the title, the X mark . . .
Now this brand, Wolf Stanford, the Center Center . ...
These people are going to be associated with a film, forever . .
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's right.
I'm a redundant fishing . . (MK: Just I say .). It was more challenging.
It was``Perceived . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-rays of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure to embrace all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used ...
The most great car you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best wheat you've been drinking,``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Max Hyowon: So the idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MS: Making the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The full film goal is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this film.
That's the complete idea, all of the film, at the end.
And I'd love it that CEO help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for audience.
Wow, however, I don't know how repetitive people are going to be.
DK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea.
MS: A million, a million . .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard with them, but it certainly isn't going to convince a couple of big brands.
DK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look at a lot of crazy idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruler: Most of the answers will be``no . . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell, by film, or for me?
JK: Both.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Good . .
MK: We need to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah.
MK: We have some places to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn off the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera off"and have a conversation out of microphone.
The camera means,``We want to know nothing about your film . ''
MS: And so one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film . .
I was surprised.
You didn't want to know about this project.
And I was very impressed, and I thought the concept of advertising, it was to present the product to as many people as possible, making so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media, and the stage of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell with that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to bring the message into the masses??
No, that's what I thought . .
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a male error and that error was this.
No, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for showing images in Google -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your report, Sergey Brian . No . . . .
This is the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen, easily understandable, which will be characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days . . . .
Our politicians are named, the president, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it, it's completely changing.
But why? Well, transparency gives -- like that weird bear that still goes around.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky . . . .
What else is it risky?
He ate an entire bowl of Cool Whitney . .
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies, and to tell you that we wanted this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you count our story . . . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father stuck me in some lie -- and there he is looking at him as he said,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and it's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wants to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kikami in many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the middle and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to find out of suddenly -- I started to realize that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, big, giant movies and others who make small movies, independent, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant, say that the reason their movies are so successful is because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest movie ever sold . . ''
How are we going to look specifically at the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I open my bus, you'll see the Ben distribution.
At any point during a interview with someone, I can say,``Are you really cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you . ''
Maybe you should have a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I would offer one of these fabulous robots.
So,``Florida Fuse"as``Walls of Paradise are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as a woman, and it's solid, to golf, in bars, like it.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a confined look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand . .
I was similar to the kind of small movies that you told; we're rather a rival mark.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So I'm going to do things like this, you know, to remind people, is why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Dan?
They're in white.
KF: That's a big question . .
Volunteer: superior technology . .
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you're putting in the armpits . .
Man: We talk about something bold, cool.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in place versus``combat the smell and the sweat . ''
You're cold.
How do we keep you fresh more time? With better cold, more fresh, three times cooler.
Things like that that highlights the benefits.
MS: And that's a multinational company . .
What about me? What about a common guy??
I need to talk to you about the street man, the people like me, the ordinary reptiles.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Boy?
I don't know.
I like good clothes.
Woman: Remembering the '80s, painting, unless it's day of wash.
MS: All right, what's brand?
George: Something unique . (MS: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have was like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
I usually wear actors like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic speaker, Mercessive Benz . . .
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it calculating.
Woman 2: In part of a hippie, in part yogurt, in part of me, Bronx, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets . .
I'm selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand . .
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: March Challein failed.
Is that something?
lawyer: I is a lawyer . .
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be a brand Tom, but I often classify in the intersection of dark magic and fall.
I realized that I needed an expert . . .
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Ella Ratafai in Pittsburgh . .
They would help companies like Central, February, Hallah to discover that personality of brand.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me . .
Angela: You brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah . . The first picture is a family picture . .
A: Tell me how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me that world.
MS: That world? I believe that your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you make.
All of those things are going on and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: How much of``why"-- what does that serve us?
What's the male? What's the pattern? What does you find you now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does the red represent??
So, I'm like a little about that.
A little more than you, that's not who you are.
What other programmers have you had?
Don't there have to be fear . ., what kind of rollercoaster are you??
MS: Ha! (
A: Thank you for your patient . (MS: Big job) A: Yes . (MS: Thank you very well.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
links Zapraniu: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your personality personality, the brand Morgan spectroscope is a constant mark . .
They get very well dispersed.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them . . .
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- it's the human nature to avoid things that are not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually have them love, and you actually get something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see Target, Wii, Mount of Minister Cooper and Leanauy.
Now there are some playful marks and conscious brands, those things that you've gone and come, but a Buddhist brand is a pretty powerful thing.
MS: A sabbatical brand . . What's your brand??
If someone asked you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you a wide attribute? Are you somebody who makes the blood flow?
Or are you rather an artificial attribute?
A little bit more colorful, reserved, conservative?
bottom-up attributes are like being a playful being like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, and bold or bold like Rome Flies, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magic or mystic like Gando.
Or are you a little bit of distant attributes?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 97?
Are you established, traditional, provided, protective, do you relate to Oprah??
Are you trustworthy, stable, family, reliable, safe, self-state or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Add?
On the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, accidents and descendants, they said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product . . . .
They allowed us to tell the story of marketing, and we got to tell the story in this film of how the magnetic resonance is using to identify the centers of desire in the brain as well as for commercial marketing.
We went to San Paulo where the ad advertising has banned.
Throughout the last five years, there are no values, there are no cards, there's no flying, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are making the way in schools in the middle schools in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or that I've been more successful in that I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They pulled up the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies have no best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to be thinking about people, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they go? Did you get success?
Well, since the film are standing at the study Festival, let's take a look.
So, according to Burroughs, the film is standing in January, and since then -- -- and this is not all of a hundred million impressions in the media for this film . .
This covered just a two-year period.
That's just online -- no press, no TV . . .
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . . It's not in tears.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to gain momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies that you talk about, they were advising their customers.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, you have opportunities.
I think when you get people from that, you're putting them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk, you're preparing all your company to lack rewards.
I feel like what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to go.
We have to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that they can scare them . .
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it a place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's open the fear . Let's take the risk . . . .
Of course, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to bring transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk,``We absorb Transparency"has been presented by my good Em friends, who by $7,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: turning big data into great opportunities for companies around the world.
MIT is,``Let's embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in the name of the transparency, which exactly with those $7,500?
MS: It's an exceptional question . .
In my pocket, I have a name of the name of the TED organization of TED, the Sparine Foundation, a picture for 75,000 dollars to be applied to my TED assistance of the next year.
The idea behind the Story Computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.N. plant in Natalie.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to buy these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a laptop that's used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready . .
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with an artist Windows . .
The opposition goes into the gray box, damaged the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated -- mission mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching on Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown . .
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex on Windows's part: the installation used multiple danger.
It seemed to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet, and we saw what happened with this.
So it's very strange things.
Schwarz was behaving as a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese: I smelled it, but I didn't want to eat . .
I didn't feel feeling for me . . .
And after experiencing with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a dedicated attack.
It's completely conditioning . . .
The installation is looking at an active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is actually working in that place.
If not, Stone does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we went out and broke the code of attack, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs: a small, big.
We also found that they were armed very professionally for people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all of the points I'll attack.
They probably even know how much the operator is going.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Tesla installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's about everything we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this cotton code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks quite like the old anti-professional language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for in the beginning were called a system function, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for textbooks and data structures and trying to relate them with the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about detail that we can be able to be able to do.
So to get to theories about objective, remember that it's definitely a violent artifact, it should be a soft white, and it's extremely located in Iran, because it's where most infections has been reported.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush, and the Natalie enriched plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Take a list of all the experts in centrifuge and power plants between our customers . . ''
I called them, and I got them in a effort to get their experience to what we found in code and data . .
And it worked pretty well . . .
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The rotate is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object that you see . .
If you drive the speed of this button, you can certainly break it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to slow and cut up in an object for returning crazy to the maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this rapidly.
We're trying to figure out the big digital opposition looking very close to data and their structures.
So, for example, the number, the number 137, in that code, can't be obvious.
I began to investigate scientific literature about how these photoreceptors are built in Natalie and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 170 characters . .
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These characters in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages . . . .
And guess what we find in the attack code?
It's an almost identical structure . .
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had a hand.
So, there's no misunderstanding of it . .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely wound up in strips, and we had to go back.
And yet, we found out that both digital clips were pointing on one and same target, but from different angles.
So the little little girl is taking a waterfall, and making the robots spin and folding them, and the big curtain is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves . .
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natalie, and it's just Natalie . . . .
We should not worry that other goals are reaching by Stuxnet.
I'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the celebrities.
What this thing does is, they're going to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And I believe or not, these false data data are asked by Stuxnet.
It's like the Hollywood movies, where, during the theft, the security camera is a predictable video.
Is it cool?
The idea here is obviously not just serving the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to turn a digital security system . .
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in a plant of energy, when the big steam turbines is happening, you have to open escape values in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator . . .
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And or the security system is not going to tell you.
That scares.
But it can be worse . . . .
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium increments . .
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or an automotive factory.
It's generic . . .
And you don't have -- as an attacker, which to develop this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stonewall . .
You could also use conventional worms of worms to bring it out . .
Discover it as much as possible.
And if you do that, what you end up with is a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence that you should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East . .
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of targets.
We need to confront the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you . .
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it has been public in many sides that people assume the MoMA is the core of this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Dennett: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . . .
My view is that the Rosetta is involved, but the engine is not Israel . . .
The engine behind this is cyber survival . .
There's one one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for inviting us . Thank you, Ralph . . .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and you give it software skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair get up and walk.
In``Bernie Bionics"call these robots, exoskeletons.
It's nothing different from something that gets put in the morning, it gives you a great force, which also increases your speed, and it helps, for example, to manage the balance . . .
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other outside.
This is not an unreal idea . .
Now, to show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on its back a 45-story load, and it's being being demand to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage on a back . . .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce HIV.
Soldier: With the H5N1 exoskeleton, I can cover 90 pounds of variables for many hours.
His design is flexible, it allows you to get in trouble to go and execute movements with great agility . .
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance . .
Heather bless: We're ready, with our industrial care, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year . . .
I mean, it's a reality . .
So let's go back to the users of wheelchair, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There's 68 million people about, in wheelchair, around the world.
It's about one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequent, very young people, with damage in the spinal cord that when you start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that's going to quickly multiply . . .
His only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some other compassion -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility . .
So let me introduce you the ELAMS who's using Amanda 19 years ago, he had a lesion in the vertical column, and as a result, it couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boori: Thank you . . .
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
It's got a sensors . .
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send to the edge computer, here on the back.
So here there are a few batteries that give energy to the motors in the hips, and in the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and very natural gait . .
AB: I was 24 in the top of my life when, by a strange leap in the air, skiing down the bottom of it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sensation and all movement from the pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor entered my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my self.
The technology of adaptation since then, it's allowed me to learn how to get it down in the face in corners, rock scales and even ride in a hand bike.
But they've invented nothing that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you . .
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all users of wheelchair, all of them.
AB: Thank you . .
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where the diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the American Man's festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago . .
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done very much in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But Bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas the chimps are dominated by big types, terrifying, Bonobo society is in charge of females.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't yet observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the frozen forest, and it's been very hard to study them . . .
The Congo is a paradox -- the land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the subject itself -- step from a violent conflict that has been paid for decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War II.
It's not to miss that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo . .
The horse meat trade, and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this glass of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by making the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them like``make love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, promiscuous and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all of humanity's problems since the life of the Bonobo is more than the Khmer Super . . .
Bones, like humans, love to play throughout their life.
Play is not just a kid's game.
For us, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavior diversity, diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves of laughter, dance and human ritual . .
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how they play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken out of the wild.
First of all, it's a blood game game, and I'm not talking about football . .
Here we have a female and a young man in the middle of a persecution . .
Look what she's doing.
It might be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``You have it from the balls . ''
So I just think that in this case, he loves, right?
Yes . .
So sexual play is as common in both bonds as humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's most fun.
But the game is fluid.
The game is political, it can take a lot of shapes, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think, like, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present . .
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a more difficult world with more creativity and greater cooperation . .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes a world, we have to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless . .
When it looks like the least appropriate, playing, you can be the most urgent time.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution, and we play together as we get rid of creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting the poverty, I combat fires as an assistant of captain in a body fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers come to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the fire of the fire, so soon to get into action . . .
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high possibility to go . . .
But yet there was a career on the other way against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was amazed in a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life . .
We were in the middle of night, and she was standing out on the rain, under a umbrella, back, barefoot, while her house was on.
The other volunteer who had just arrived before I, called Leibniz Luther came first to the captain, and he was asked to go in and save the dog of the house . . . . .
The dog! I was so jealous.
So there was a lawyer or money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people to go into a building call to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one . . .
The captain made me a gun . . . . . .
He said,``Beans, I need to go into the house.
I need you to go up, go through the fire, and you bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I hoped, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the actual fire, which at that height kind of had ended up off the fire and went into the fourth main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what they're thinking, but I'm not a hero . . .
I took my charge back by the staircase where I met my numbers and the price dog in the main door . .
We took out the house the treasures for the owner of the house where, as it was expected, their treasure got a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the house of the house, and he was grateful by the brave of the cold effort to save her house.
The kindness that she saw on the other was that somebody had even reached a pair of shoes.
Both in my calling in Robin Hood as in my vocation as a volunteer firefighter, I witnessed acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also about grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has their importance . . . .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they're to achieve, remarkable levels of success I would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, you can do it now.
They serve food on a dining dining, you clean up a park park.
Be mentors.
No every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So you get to the game; you get out the shoes . .
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back . .
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, like buildings or bridges, one brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time . .
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, the LIGO came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks came to all the homes.
It's being made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the concrete block, the favorite of the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block . .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks, each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create a much bigger and more complex circuit, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts . .
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it . .
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers . .
A few years ago, I started to develop literatures . .
Let me show you how they work.
Little readers are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engine and sensors . .
And the best thing about all of it is that they get together through images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code . .
The green is the rise, the blue is the current, the rose is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly, you can start doing bigger circuits.
A blue one of them produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulator . .
If you change the button by a pulse module, it's here, and now we have an inherent light.
We added this doorbell to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
Let me stop this.
So, beyond the simple game, readers are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and fix, readers allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it blink faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind readers is it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given literatures to kids to see them playing with them . .
And it's been an incredible experience . .
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night works, or why the door of a car is open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led literatures to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any experience in electronics begin to play with laptops as a material . . .
Here you can see, with bottles of paper and filter, we have George creating ...
( Mechanical sound) A few weeks ago, we took the designers at the Rhode Island School designers, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
So here's an example of a project that they've done, a configuration cannon.
But wait, here's my favorite project . . . .
It's a shelter made of Play-Doh, which is a fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, readers became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
So literatures has open source.
You can visit the website, you can download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to get involved with the environmental environment.
It's distributed.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm .: Wait for a moment . . .
You can delay it a little bit.
We can -- we can get better.
No . .
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, is time over time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I had an initiative to recruit the best designers and technical designers to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to stop; we ask them to work in the government.
The initiative was called U.S. for America, and it would be like a few Peace Corps.
We select some members every year, and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild world.
They made great applications, I worked with the municipal employees . .
His task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
We know Al.
It's a skyline of Boston's city . . .
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what you're really looking for is that someone cleans it when you get stuck in the snow, because he knows it's not very good at sticking up when it's covered by a meter.
How did he get to help to help this very unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of CO2.
They were there in February, and at that moment, I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogens.
But one of the members called Erik McCus noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice app in which you can adopt a hydrant . .
You accept to clean it when it's snow.
When you do it, you put a name in this case, in this case.
If you don't do it, someone can steal.
I mean, it has a playful component . . .
It's a modest app . .
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology technology achieved.
And it spread in viral form.
A responsible for the city of Honolulu to see this application realized that it could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to take tsunami of tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami signals work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the shots.
And Chicago just launched it to make people log to clean sidewalks when it's snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spreading without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that it doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that to have done it by normal channels would have taken at least two and a half million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars, and it doesn't work . . .
And there's projects like this in every level of government . .
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days, and it's spreading viral, it's a kind of tape for government institution.
It suggests to the best ways to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but more like the Internet itself . . . . .
I mean, without restrictions, open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the issue of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an incomplete institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good, because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy . .
And it's not just America for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contributed with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They're not given with the government.
They feel a lot of frustration before that, but they don't complain, they fix it . .
And these people know something that we've lost of sight . .
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row in the DVD, and all of those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in Tim Oklahman words:``What we do together, we can't only . ''
Now, many people have left the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to resist, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the world's final last extent of us -- remember that``We, the people ,"how to think about it, to affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this . . .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, mainly, arena.
So this is the conflict of services and information.
It's the place that's called if you're doing 31 in the U.S.
Scott did this call.
It's``Zaira"in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing . I started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the door doors, put music right and see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So, well, for Scott.
But that was not the end of the cards . .
Boston doesn't have a call center . . .
It has an app, websites and mobile phone called Chicken Connest.
We don't program that app . . .
It was the work of very clever people from the Office of New Mechanical Medical Center.
One day, this is really going on, and it comes to me,``Raisud on my trash . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I use it? ''
The dynamics of Citizen Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Chinese Connectivity, it's all public, so you can all see this . .
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Ray? Yeah .? Yeah.
I went back the cube . I went home.
Good evening . Arabic . ''
Quite simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform . . .
And here I don't necessarily mean technology technology definition.
I talk about a platform for people to support and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but the government had a key role.
He connected the two people . .
And I could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we're looking at communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our input system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect government to reflect our values and save our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an enormous ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches.
Underneath there is what we call a bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt . .
But it's that contempt that keeps that to us that we have to think about as something that works in our against, that other thing, and we're losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensual . .
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Oceans movement . .
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the CEO of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism . .
And for those of us that have been rescued to the government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't get government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink the government function, so that it can expand by strengthening civil society.
There's a generation that I grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not that hard to act together, you have to just articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28, so I, to refugees, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost sitting.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about; they're all going to talk.
You can express their views on any channels at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care very much about making their voices.
They're using the hands . . . .
They put hand to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be limiting a hydrant, taking weeds, picking up a garbage cube that has a carrot inside . .
Of course, we could always have cleaned those humans and many people do.
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we're not only consumers, not only are we government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we're citizens . . . .
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city . . .
So I want to ask all of you, when it's all the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voices crowd, or will we be a handheld crowd?
Thank you.
This is for a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and on death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy . .
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here has impact all over the world . .
Occasionally, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, they can have a special meaning . . .
A doctor can do good things, but if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the right practice, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother . .
I grew up in a traditional house of a demonstrating family family by a matriarch, which was my grandmother . . . . .
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in this family discussion.
She started many of the demonstrations in our home.
I was a daughter of people who had been slaves . . .
His parents were born in Virginia in Virginia.
She was born about 1980 and his experience with slavery as the way he sees the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving . . .
When I was small and looked at it, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so shocked that I could barely breathe, and then I was.
One or two hours later, I went back to me, and he came up to me and said,``Brendan, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if he said it no, I grabbed again, and if I said yes, I left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it . . . .
The only problem is, I had 10 children . .
My mother was the youngest of 10.
Instead, when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, I woke up one morning, and I went to the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought I was a game.
And so he looked at it, and she smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she stood up, brought the room off, took me in my hand and said,``Come Brazil . We're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday . .
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mama . ''
She said,``Now I'm not going to do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat, he looked at me and he said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And he added,``I think you're special . . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget.
Then he said to me,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to be promised is you'll always want your mother . ''
Adam:``She is my daughter, and you have to promise me to always take care . ''
Like I took my mom, I said,``Yeah, Mama, I'll do it . ''
And then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to be promised is that you will always do the right thing, although it's hard . ''
I thought about it, and I said,``Yeah, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to show me is that I never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yeah, mama, so I do . ''
I grew up in the field in rural south . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year smaller.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a package of six beers, I don't know where he took them, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We're just doing the crazy ones.
He took a piece of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit, and I was offered to me.
I said,``No, no, no . It's fine . You're going, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today I do . And you always do the same thing that we.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I'm not good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
He challenged me with force and kept,``Oh, I won't be that you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . . . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I became a mess.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread up.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I'm not saying this, I mean, it's a virtue; I'm telling you for the power of the power.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see them.
We can't get it to do things that you don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been predicted during the ban . .
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we have, on that we had to engage.
Now, I'll try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.5 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate in America.
We have seven million people in conditions.
And this mass incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world . . .
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much unknown, so much despair, determined by these facts . .
One out of every three black between 18 and 30 years is in prison or in the local freedom . .
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in prison or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a criminal system that treats you much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth.
And it seems that we feel very quiet . . .
The politics of fear and plumbing makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work, some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you're going to make you right on rights, if you have a criminal competition.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote . . .
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the rights loss of loss will be so elevated to what it was before they would pass the law of the right to vote.
We have this impressive silence.
I represent kids.
Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it's about 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no chance of coming out.
We are right now in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world . .
It represents people in death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
Now, in some sense, you have taught us to think that the final question is, do people deserve to die for the criminals.
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of otherwise how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crimes, but, if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
And in every nine people executed, one of them has identified, one that is extremely and liberated from death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it wouldn't be allowed to ever paint airplanes if every nine who would take off, you would have a star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our load . . .
It's not our fight . . . .
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we're killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and last to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be cute.
They worried to be bombed.
The threat of the terror is what defines their lives . .
Now, there are older people that come to me and say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say,``Mr. Stevenson ,"`` talks, make people stop saying that in our history, we deal with the terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial and separation supply.
In this country, we have dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story . . . . .
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about races, I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this compromise, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said,``You know it's good to hear what you say . ''
He said,``We have no death penalty in Germany.
We'll never be able to do it here . . ''
The room was quiet, and a lady said,``There is no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intention and deliberately, we were to exercise people . ''
Let's think about it.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were in their most Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it . .
It would be irrational . .
And yet, there is this disconnect . .
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, it's involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are engaged by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalization.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We're talking about the need to have more hope, more compromise, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the puzzles that will never come to TED.
And thinking about them is, in a way, something that's inside our self . . . .
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen . . . .
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed with intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity . development comes not only of brain ideas . . .
These things come from ideas, also, for the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only in the brilliant and profitable, but also the dark and how hard.
Shake Hawking, the great graphic leader, he talked about this . . .
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, origami for the spirit, a willingness to be on spiritual sites and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is virtually in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, it must be engaged . . .
There's no disconnect associated with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them out.
I had the great privilege, being a young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women were just laughing just to speak.
Occasionally, lady Carrie called me, to tell me,``Brian, come out the lady Parks, we're going to get together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I was saying,``Yeah . . Yes . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I was going to just listen to them.
It was very remote, very illusion.
And on one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said,``Now, Britain, tell me that it's that idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront the prejudice and the discrimination in the criminal justice administration.
We're trying to end up with life sentences, no behavioral freedom for children . .
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We're trying to end up with mass incarceration . ''
I gave her all my best speech, and when I ended up looking and said,``Hmm I.M . ''
And he added,``You're going to get tired, very exhausted . ''
And at that time, Ms. Carrie came up, and he stood up in the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering . . .
Because finally the humanity depends on compassion for others . . .
I've learned some very simple things in my work . . .
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is superior at worst than we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar . .
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to, it's not a thief.
Even if anyone kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
So it's not.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very smallpox, it will not be judged by our technology, for our designs, for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat the rich, powerful and privileged, but by how they treat the poor, the doomed, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
And I'm very sorry, I'm going to finish with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my roots in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of hard . . .
I'm going to jail, and I see my 13 and 14 years, who have been skilled to be judged as adults.
And I started thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn to someone in what it isn't??
The judge was fed as an adult, but I see a child.
And one night, I was awake, thinking --``For God, if the judge can become something you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yeah, Brian, the judge has magical powers . .
You should say something about it . .
As it was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a motivation.
He had a 14 year-old customer, a little, poor, black . .
I began to work on the motivation, with a poll that says,``Most of my 14 year-old black customer is treated as a primitive white of 75 years, executive of a corporation . . ''
In the extent, I had a conduct that had been led in aquaculture, in police behavior and in the process.
There was a line of how in this country there is no ethical, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that kind of thing would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, I didn't just cut it, but he had sent it into the court.
I'd spent about two months, and I had already forgotten it . .
And I finally decided --``Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the judged.
I thought this would be very hard and very difficult.
I finally dropped out of the car . I was walking into the courthouse.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man; the course of the jazz.
When he saw me, I came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He replicated,``Is it a lawyer?"I said yes.
So, I'm approaching it, and I get sucked.
And I'm going to whisper in the ear . .
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was marketing.
That's deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I entered the audience room.
By entering, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this parade? ''
And I said,``Be Mr. was Me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all dedicated.
I was the one who had written these madness.
The policemen came out, the authorities, the Australians.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the bush of the eye, he struggled to see the census he went and came.
He would look at the window and hit the whole Greeks.
I kept walking over here and there.
And finally, this old black man, with the head face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge determined a recipe . .
Over the break, an assistant of the quiet was shown because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant was passed over the old black . . . .
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man to keep her eye on the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think a lot of you, you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it goes into justice.
We can't be truly human, if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to the other . . . . .
So that our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present principles of this, I just want to tell you that you're going to keep the eye on the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help on your purposes, to do something . . . .
Something that's not a crash . ., what can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you're going to do an effort to bring the funds that spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you'll spend a billion dollars in death row, in the next five years.
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases do not cost in areas.
Five percent of the limitations don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
So this referendum is going to be able to get these funds to make it set to law enforcement.
I think there's a very close opportunity . .
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades.
So, part of the explanation, you say it's about the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to the people who believe that?
RS: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable . . .
The great growth in massive incarceration in this country is not crime crime.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic innovation is happening in the race population.
And we left to convince the punishment of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, for stealing a bike, by small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims . .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change . .
CA: Brendan, you've been thrilled today.
You're very inspiring . .
Thank you very much for having came to TED . Thank you . . .
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia .: America 3: The police is broken.
Narrator 4: Descendanted posters .: Lothing 5: Muratures.
Torchobiologist 6: Social degradation . Voice 7 : 65 deaths.
Mosque 8: Sunday . Voice 9: Citigs.
Several faces: War for the conflict . mass destruction.
recession . Bank . . End judgments . Egypt . . . . .
Crisis . . . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: This is just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could be in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media will try to give us negative news, because our minds are given attention.
And that responds to a very good reason . .
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing cares more than survival, the first couple of all that data is an ancient chunk of the temporal lobe called an amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
So I ordered it and recorded all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make harm.
So from a dozen stories we'll be able to look at the negative . .
That old one of the press:``If there's blood, sell ,"is very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news for seven days of a week , 24 hours a day, it's not to extract that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes from bad at worse.
But maybe it doesn't.
Maybe, instead, what's really happening is that we get distorted.
Maybe enormous progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we have no doubt.
As human beings, we're very good at taking the problems and, along the way, we end up with them.
We looked at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the past hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, average per capita income per capita has been tripled throughout the world.
Clinical mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food and electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Knight that the world literacy passed from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years . .
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put us more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think of it, in America today, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, cell phones, conditioning and cars.
The slums of the past century of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately their exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in information technology in this curve, the Moore Act, and doubling the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months . . .
So, the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law over the last hundred years . . .
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing is -- good and bad times, in war and in peace, in recession, in depression and on.
It's the result of quick computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop before any of the great challenges . .
And even though he's stuck in a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to the Morgana Law, there's a number of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nature and A.I . .
I mean, how many saw the victory in Watson, of IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeanneson is not an easy game . .
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Simon University.
We taught these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they use the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to get a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people . .
30 years ago, that would be absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of it.
It's about taking that, which is scarce and becoming abundant.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon II in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited to dinner the king of Tim.
Napoleon's troops started with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Tim, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth the gold and the dish.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is of aluminum.
You see, even though aluminum is 86 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal . .
It's linked by oxygen and silicons.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as a detail.
Let's project this analogy to the future . .
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that was a 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 energy therapies every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but of accessibility . . .
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than diesel generated : 2.8 rupees versus 17 rupees . .
solar energy cost fell 50 percent last year.
The past month, MIT published a study that shows that in the late decade of the United States, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a pound per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have abundance of energy, we also have water abundance . .
Let's now talk about wars for water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager Space spaceship on Earth, in 1990, after country Saturn?
It took a famous picture . I called it?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet with 70 percent water.
Yeah , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the British -- I would like to share with you, gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Shings -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water, the day of any sound, wind water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon . . .
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 600 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of mobile phones in the developing world by late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than the Clinton President 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars, P.C . video, images, book libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology, and they're now destructive and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when they hold the applications in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the W Foundation, which is called the X Walker William Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they speak, and because it has A.I, they can take, you can pull blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical equipment.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.4 percent of health workers.
When this device sequencing a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize, calling the elbow of health and, first, avoiding the pandemic to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went through the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to harm the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected . .
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds have never before heard to the global conversation.
What do these people do?
What would you consume? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy.
And you're going to move from more health thanks to the Middle Ages, from a better education with the Academy Khan and because of the use of 3D printing and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive?
What about some voices never before?
What if we give them to the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and could act for the first time?
What are these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we cannot predict??
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that first could make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There is a program that maybe some of us already know . .
It's called Fordin . . . .
It came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle . .
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and find out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's really important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were added and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today the human pattern recognition machinery is better for protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me an enormous trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet . . .
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the cricket.
We have the capital of the satellite.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to be used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the running of the game.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1938 . .
They probably create a little bit, but it wasn't.
It actually picks up fish . .
And he described one of them as``common . ''
It was the ground.
I fished it a lot until the 1980s.
Now the fish is on the Red DNA list.
But we've heard this story many times, on Galapagos and other places, so that has no special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they're going to be intact . .
So what happens here?
The second story, it also illustrates another concept: the shifting of the waist . . .
Because I was there in 1973, looking at a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa . .
I thought I could try.
I was very burned with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun . .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and, as you can see, of some mangroves.
There were tilapia about 20 centimeters, the black bar thylacine.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant, and it was going for a good moment, so it would make more than the middle of Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half.
He was about five centimeters . .
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
They were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complex in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s, a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose the industrial fishing . .
And this boat, quite ugly, was called``The Fund 4 . ''
I went out to fishing in him, and we do studies in South China, and, especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured there was something that we captured.
We captured, now I know, the bottom of the sea . .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are in the background . .
And the majority of fish are tiny stories about the remains, remains that are fish of coral reef . . .
In short, the sea floor came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a studio and then start commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid fund of soft coral, in this case, to be a leadership . .
This is a dead turtle.
They don't eat them, they were disguised because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I wasn't even exhausted.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what fishermen are picking up every time you go to an area where they've never fished . . . .
But it doesn't get documented . . .
We transform the world, but we don't remember it . .
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there . .
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of times, the grain of the country, the water supply . .
And that changes over time, it changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images of their conscious life as normal and to extrapolate it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
They don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the cause of change.
And at the end, you keep a few remains.
And that, in a big way, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were . . .
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very plentiful, before you get extinct, is very often . . .
You don't lose abundant animals . .
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a continuous sea of big fish . .
They become little frequencies because the fish.
Eventually, there are a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this??
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, would say that it was very different . .
And they'll do it because evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they would expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people are presented, like that captain such, and so many fish in this area can't be used or, usually not use the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in embedded societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can be accomplished a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we actually remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has drifted and it's fundamentally low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides, which allows them to erase their point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the people in the Midwest, for example?
I think there are the arts and the cinema, maybe you can fill the vacuum . . . . .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that the nuances and the totalitarian are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about what people were touched with the film -- without talking about the story of Google, why to move with the images?
Because it's because of something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one that will give, is to Cameron, make``Avatar II"under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I am Kevin Clothes, the YouTube manager manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true . .
So today we'll see why videos make viruses, and what matters has.
We all want to be stars: cells, singer, comedy -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard . . .
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, takes a chance in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be made on the Internet in a tune.
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And from those, only a little percentage is alive, it gets infinite visit, and he won a cultural mold.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, communication communities and surprise.
Okay, let's start.
Beau Valley: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow!!
Woo .!
KA: Last year, Beau Caesar published this video shot outside of his house at the National Park Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction on the popularity rise of last summer.
Beau was not proposed to make a viral video . . .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow . .
That's what you do if you call it Muslim Mountain Bert.
I've already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel . .
Jimmy Kim published this tweet that would fit the video to popularity.
Treatment creators as Jimmy Kimmel presents us new and interesting things, and they refuse to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . -- you have to start the Friday . You all want it to get the weekend, the weekend . Come on, Friday . You're going to start the Friday . KA: Don't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Veries"by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular video of the year . .
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``Art rainbow double ,"this video seemed to have come out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true . . .
And if you ask those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took Turkey and many blogs started to write.
Michael J Nelson, from Mission Science, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter . . .
But what's important is a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerate the process.
So, this community of people who share this big inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradox of``Friday"on YouTube . . .
Just in the first seven days, there was a spoof for each other day.
Unlike the global entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by breaking it or doing something new with it . . .
\" Norman Cat"is a repetitive animation with a music.
That's what it is.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three-dimensional version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats who saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet cell community.
There were replacement.
Somebody made a version of the old.
And then it became international . . .
Suddenly, a whole community of remixing it, he made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all be able to do.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted``Car rainbow twice ,"or Rebrowing Baby or``No Camero"?
What would the script have been written to do this?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protests against the cities in New York City, I admit I don't get in too much interest . .
Casey Nichola: I was moved for no circular on the bike, but often there are obstacles that make you sign properly by the bike.
KA: Thank you at the surprise and his humor, Casey Nichol got five million you saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing we do.
And this leads to a big question.
Beau Super: What does this mean?
Oh . .
KA: What does this mean?
Trend creators, creative communities of participation, completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
Don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of owners in our pop culture.
These are not the features of the old media, they're just the middle media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story . . . .
It's a puzzle that is still being swallowed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life . . .
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose whole life had been supported in the unique and freedom hope of his country.
Imagine it as the communicators come in Afghanistan, offering the fact that their life was totally in vain.
The words, for so many friends, are now building it.
It became silent.
He died in the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it . . .
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandfather never allowed me to forget her story . .
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to match us, but we overlay it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they're screaming up to the sea.
My mother, Maine, was only 18 when her father died, and a controlled marriage and two small girls.
So for her, life had been given to a single task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia . .
It was unconscious for her that I couldn't get.
And after a separate of four years that you challenge fiction, a boat was sliding into the disguised sea of fishing.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear were pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a jar with poison.
If we get caught, we first would take it my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother . . .
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the suit in every wave, and the vast horizon and empty.
I didn't remember the pirates who came around several times, but they were fooled with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying, and not going for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, funding the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor . .
After three months in a refugee camp, we downloaded in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations shaping a new life together.
We set out in Photoshop, a working-class suburb, which is the population of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I was aware of, in PowerPoint, there was no sense of the right . . .
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of entrepreneurial English was being traded between the people who had a common thing: they were starting again . .
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn . .
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree in IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was usually new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
It's a school uniform to the ankles, because it had to last six years . .
And there were weird singing singing and painful about the``featured eyes"and some graffiti:``Asians, they go home . . . ''
And where?
Something in me.
He was accumulating determination, and a voice that said,``I'm going to suggest . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we got out of our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the boat . .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be stable and opened another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and infected, and boys brought between two worlds.
suburbs and sponsors were looked for.
They were created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
And in one, it was the classic student student, impossible with what I quit from myself.
On the other one, I was wrapped in particular, tragic lives for violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them get help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year, I was picked up the Australian youth of the year.
And I was taken from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his eyes didn't fit.
So Le Le, Embassy's animal resident, was now so Le, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in places that I had never heard to, and at home whose she would have ever imagined.
I didn't know the protocols . .
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about nothing . .
I wanted to get back to the routine and the contract of life in an anonymous suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters end up on the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting over the day of each and running asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I reminded me that I was now the same age that she had when she got on the boat.
The``no"had never been an option . . .
\" Do it ,"he said,``I don't know what you don't . ''
So I talked about high-performing and education discovery and design and designers.
And the more frankly I spoke, the more I was able to speak.
I met people from all walks in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of it.
And even though I ended up my circumstance, I realized that I couldn't stay in a advanced career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle . . .
And I realized at the same time that's well being unknown, a newly arrived, new in the scene -- and not only is it well, it's something to be grateful, maybe a ship.
Because being inside can easily mean the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province . . .
I gave enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world goes down, but not the way we fear . . .
Possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be highly encouraged . . .
There was an energy there, a relentless optimism, a rare mixture of humility and bravery . . . .
So I kept my intuition.
I took a little group of people to whom the motto``can't be done"was an irresistible challenge.
For one year we had a penny.
At the end of every day, I was doing a giant wave of soup that we all share . .
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I took the decision to move to the United States . .
After a single trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later I was moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life had not changed for centuries . .
Her father died shortly after she was born . . .
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, he became a consumer of a Mandarin whose mother.
No support of her husband, caused a return to sue it and carry the cause, and much more reverse caused when he won.
He can't make it a mistake.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw it standing on the other side . . .
I knew I'd come to you.
My mother called minutes later.
We went back to a Buddhist temple in photographers and we sat around his casket.
We told them stories and we make sure we were still with it . . .
At night, a monk came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand . .
He asked the monk,``Why is your hand is hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said . .
\" You haven't been blown . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women . . .
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who were coming to our lives would have us.
The defeat would have happened easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that for?
However, I'm afraid of the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a job in your lives, wide dense in every wave, impossible rate of engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give them and see it, I would do it.
Project Nelson, and also the Mother's mother is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, the singer singer, Mufi Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian company,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, we hid the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes . .
At that time, when Aurora, the great Indian warrior, he had thirst, he took a bow and with an arrow on the ground, it gets water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that struck me a lot.
I was just a little bit more technical.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a statement if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
I thought the technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his silver plate of pockets.
And this 50 years technological piece was to me the most magical thing . . .
It became a golden door into a world full of images, of pirate and farmers in my imagination . . .
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent we dream.
They have our inspiration.
So I launched, I brought to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It's been books for age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device capable of connecting the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
I'll got the text together with image, animation, sound and touch.
The storytelling becomes more and more multiplied.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch K, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on each light . . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I wrote my name . . .
And so I get a character from the book.
In several moments, the iPad knows where the GPS lived, which comes to me.
My inner girl gets excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic . .
And I don't mean men and dragons, but to that childhood magic, to those ideas we opened up a child.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So, over here, we have to turn the iPad to release the fireflies.
And, really, they illuminate your way into what remains the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with was that all of a galaxy copies on a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every book, there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, wake up and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another extremely important aspect for me is to create Indian content, and then contemporary.
These are these ones here.
We've all heard out of the fairies and the lines, but, how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts, would you go out?
These poor would be trapped in the Indus cameras for millennia, in an old, moist book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And by talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up, hit their PCs, they haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology . .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and pick images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had lots of collections: of sticks, stones, snakes and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it anymore.
So to recover this ritual ritual, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture of a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . . ''
A boy in India says,``I saw a monkey today . . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book we're planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video switched up and through augmented reality, you see a group of analogies on the inside of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and blow them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology, one another.
We reject the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, and that magic, and love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I would like to talk to you about why a lot of failure projects failed.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the Radio University was to get a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and acquaintances: What happens? ''
\" How can we help it?
And we used to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the education projects failed, we stopped listening.
This is my Wi-Fi . It's a very simple thing.
It's got a little bit of fire.
All the morning goes up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get at 95.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect, I sends my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him too . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same moment that I need cognitive assistance or some urgency from that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every single morning I connect to my Wi-Fi, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Lucy, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's a peer pressure used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together develop some creative activity to have more control of their health.
Next week.
This little barbaria connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they get back to the control and the capital of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges that we face, as the trigger of the costs of medicine care, the doubling of demand and other issues.
Doing techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but as well.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM ATM.
Where they are all the gasoline.
And of course, we can find fast food chains . . .
But where is the closest NSA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
No one knew where the USDA gets to save lives right now.
And what we did was we made crowdsourcing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience that: If you see a DVD, please look at me, where, and when it's open, you sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees, it was already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that . .
And we did an iPad app.
We created an app for Laden, it's actually augmented, to find these DNA . .
And every time you're in the city of Malthus and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next week, you can use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And by today, I'd like to present this one, not just like the United Nations, which is the name of the product, but as well as States . .
And we want to start globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DDT creative around the world.
Every time you're on holiday and someone collapse, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it . . .
I also want to invite companies all over the world that could help us value these details.
They could be texting services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in place.
Please add into this and not just improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much . .
I'm here to share me.
Or is it a picture?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 . .
I mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when the paintbrush is printed . .
For me, the photograph had more to be in the right place, at the moment.
I thought anyone could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by presenting the knife.
Photos like this: a construction in a very crowded road . .
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or photos like this -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say resources, I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's got more to do with capturing an idea that with a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Is it intervention the light?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective . .
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic . . . .
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we took different pieces of reality and together them to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combine in a certain way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional; as if it exists . .
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic, believe it's those that we don't even think about; the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But in combining pictures, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results . . .
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this . .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective . .
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible for the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made . .
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photos of different places.
I personally think it's easier to create a place that I'll find because you don't need to put the ideas on the head.
But it takes a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip . .
The costs are a different location.
The subtle part was captured in a stone pump . .
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to make it look more.
So to achieve a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought . .
If you do a good job when you take pictures, you can be very beautiful, and at the very very very very real time.
All tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
So let me start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
If you can put it ...
It's a diagram I took of a folder.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details, but the general thing . .
It's an analysis that we were doing about the power of RCPR microbials versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like many others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in the state scale.
Speaking technology technology is something new.
There's something weird.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please send the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if I would draw them into a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to draw, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this . . .
It doesn't say a lot.
But if a graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a memorable curve would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as the microprocessors, the past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But I don't go forward to that pace.
There is no precedent in history of the technological development of a relative growth that every few years are going to get orders of magnitude.
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things . . .
Or it's going to become a typical, you know, like this until you get something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this happen.
So, we're going to be in the middle of a transition.
On this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that supports the world?
How new state is the world running?
The transition looks very, very confusing if we're embedded in it . .
I remember as a child the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 . .
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk over, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel something's happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything is so different that what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience . .
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computing . .
Because I think the only way to understand it is is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The scale of time I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we looked at it every billion years . . .
So, we went back to 25 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that float around.
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized, we give them an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA . I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that's that, at that moment, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemicals inside it.
Some of those oil blobs contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them become materials from the outside and so on.
And they started dividing.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cellular forms, those oil bumps . . .
But those sketches weren't alive, in the current sense, because each one of them would contain a random medical recipe.
And every time you divide it, an unequal distribution of the chemicals they contain.
That's why every cop was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that would somehow enjoy being better as an hour's time to incorporate the chemicals, they grew more, they were more chemicals, and they divide more . . .
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these balls learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way we don't understand these droplets, they learned how to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA . . .
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate.
The incredible thing is that that manufacturing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every life is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just by divergence -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscope that I try to hide people from security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment, and it's 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all of the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here . . .
If you were an elephant, you'd put it on a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information, forming the communities of cells . .
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved the resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and put them off to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave you communities to be formed in a certain way, and they were together in that, and they wrote a synergies.
So they survive or failing together, or if a community was very successful, all of the individuals in that community would replicate more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a chain of DNA.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act anymore . . .
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on . .
So these communities evolved, and they produced more interesting levels than the cellphone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
and to build very special structures that don't do more than process in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built . . .
In fact, I began to specialize within the community by being the structures responsible to register, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage . .
Because in that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time period . . . . .
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruits, because he was going wrong and sick the last time that I ate.
And that could happen during the life of an organism because they've built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who made that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures will dramatically accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time you need to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the communication trick.
So, for example, the most respected version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head . . .
I'm sitting here emitting a few groups, and hopefully, building a similar, vague and confusing idea, in your head that holds some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated in sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started doing abstractions.
We now went through periods of the multicellular organisms; it absorbs our methods of records, presentation and information processing . .
For example, language invention was a small step in that direction.
The phone, the computing, the video tape, the CCM, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of the Rio, where it produced a certain evolution with the program of the software, to our eyes . .
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again . . . .
The first stages of the story that I told them took a billion years every one.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took hundreds of millions of years . . . . .
The following, the language and it took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process gets feedback; I guess that artificial is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does . .
And I think that's what we look at in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process goes down.
But I get my life by designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to be a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that machine of connections.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thank Machin, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't have before, it reaches much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself . .
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random instructions of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence of instructions at random?
Could you be able to get these instructions of instructions to random, execute all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we find the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, fortunately, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the job?
Let's go through those and exercise the rest.
And now we've got the ones that the best ones were running.
And we went back to them by following a process of an analog combination of sex . ''
Let's take two programs, to get kids, to exchange sustainable, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of product combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
Silence again.
It introduced some mutations . .
And it tries again and reptiles with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
In the end, we end up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, weird programs . . . .
But I fill the maker . .
In fact, I know, I have the confidence that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did.
In fact, their lives depended on making it.
I was going to once go in 75 with Martin Minsky, and you get a card and say,``Look at this.
He says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight . ."Doesn't it make you feel quiet?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated . .
So we started to rely on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more rapidly.
I mean, it feeds.
The thing gets faster, and that's why I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're pasting.
And we're at an analog moment in the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular . .
We are the amoebas and we can't understand what the hell are creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant in our thinking that we're the final product of evolution . .
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now it comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I'm eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've seen enough time to allow me to get part of my false prestige on that.
Before I treated the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics . .
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for coming out``Replicating the rules ,"talking about the statistics and using them to form a great baseball equipment . .
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it . .
It's called clay average.
And we talked about 300, a battery that kills 300.
That means that the battlefield effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game camp without being caught, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, don't come in time, and the second base is saved.
Three treatment of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 baseball in the Great League?
Well, really, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400 baseball sandwich?
By the way, that's somebody from 10 hits, about four . . .
legendary -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last La Lab Lap player to perform more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now we make this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
So you assume they have apps and they're raised to a surgeon that has a 400 year-old record.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a place left, and a loved one has two current coronary arteries, and his family doctor goes to a cardiologist whose record in anesthesia is 200.
But do you know something?
She's getting a little bit better this year.
And it's been 25.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average average of a surgeon or a heart surgeon, from a nurse or a CEO?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the matter is that no one throughout medicine knows the right of a good surgeon, a doctor or a drug.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the mandate of being perfect.
And that never, you know, commit a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in the middle school.
I was an obsessed student student.
Once, a company at the head said that Brian Goldman said that Brian Goldman studied until for a blood test.
So what.
I studied in my little dense, in the range of the Neurological Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything of memory.
From my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the workplace, the branching of every artery that comes out of the sand, the frequent differential diagnosis and the naked.
And I even knew the diagnostic diagnosis of how to classify the kidney tube . . . .
And as much more knowledge and more knowledge.
And I was very well . I graduated with honor.
And you're talking about the school of medicine with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I'll know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because I'm going to imagine the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Dr. Drake.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when they brought the Mrs. Drake to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you emerge, I would get a cardiologist to get to that patient.
I will report to the chief of residents.
When I saw the Lady lady, I was playing . . .
I heard a red sound.
And when I looked at it, I heard a shadowed sound on both sides, which was a collective heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stopped working and, rather than pump the blood forward, blood goes into the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there is difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did, and I was working on the treatment that would give him.
He gave him adaptable and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart . .
He gave him darkness, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good . . .
And that's when I made the first mistake; he sent her to his house . .
In truth, I took two more mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the chief of residents . .
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and meet him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to make complementary information . .
Maybe I did for a good reason.
I might not want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even connecting my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent her to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice inside that I was saying,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Rockefeller,``Do you think it's fine if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yeah, I think I'll be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So it was that I signed up the high, and the ambulance with the drugs took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room . .
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad show in stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where I was my car to go home . At the time I did something I don't do normally.
I went through the emergency service on the road.
And there another nurse, not the one that I was taking from Mr. Wright before, but another one . I said three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear too, but there's one particular one in electronics, and it's that we see the painful patients.
The three words are: Do you remember??
\" Do the patient send your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she went back"with the same tone of voice.
She was good . . .
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of having taken his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the drugs brought them to emergencies with a heart pressure of 50 millimeters, which means a severe shock.
I just breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff will all of their resources . .
They gave him medicine to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breathing.
I was shocked and surrounded to the marrow.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the civilization-state was in intensive therapy, and he was waiting for everything to recover.
And in the two or three days, it was inevitable to never wake up.
I had an irreversible brain.
The family came together . .
And in eight or nine days, they signed up what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let her go . Drug lady, wife, mother and grandmother . .
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I was struck by it and I experienced for the first shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the fish and you don't make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching . . .
The evil shame of which I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad . .
And that felt.
And it wasn't my boss; he was an charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I smooth things, and it would make sure that they won't break.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her to his house??
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so stupid??
Why do you choose medicine??
Slowly that feeling was spreading.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened the sky and finally went out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself, where if I read the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
It was going to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the North Side of Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and approved.
And he pointed up here.
I saw her throat, I was a little bit colorful.
He wrote a penicillin and sent it to his house.
But while he was headed to the door, he's going to go through her throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guards, my boss asked to speak with me in the office.
And I made the three words: Do you remember?
Remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat?
Because he came back and didn't have a spreading farm.
He had a potentially fatal precision called epidemics.
You can look at Google . It's an infection, not of the throat, but from the top air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It's added antibiotics, and he recovered the few days.
And the same period of shame and sports, then I was relieved and I returned to work, until over and over again, again.
Twice in the same tower of emergency, not decorative.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it takes 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a neglected.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
There was a range of kidneys, but it turned out . A colleague that was reviewed to the patient, perceived a certain sensitivity in the right bottom of the right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I ordered him liquid liquid, and I asked my colleague to check it.
I looked at it, and by noticing some sensitivity on the bottom right, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated, and they recovered well.
But every case I was thrilled, I got away . . .
But I'd like to tell you that I took the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a journey.
The most significant have been over the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and supportive.
And here's the problem: if I can't get back and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the kitchen that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this to do the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was it the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but not listen to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transparent in my hospital was the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total negative of the mistakes . .
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and not the ones that you can't sleep and the ones who have severe outcomes and the ones who have extension results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies who start to attack that person . .
We have the idea that if we look from medicine to people who make mistakes, we're going to be a secure system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prisoners and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the State State to my program,``White Company, Black Art ,".
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one of 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong, or documentation is not correct . In a system where innovative infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24/7 cannings for preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about strong underestimate, because we're not finding the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is moving every two or three years, and we don't engage.
It's all invented.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make perfect history of a patient's patient in the chest.
Now, take the same patient with a chest in the chest, and it comes with tears with tears, and with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is about contempt . . . .
It's not the same story . .
I'm not a robot; I don't do things forever.
And my patients are not cars . They don't do their symptoms always in the same way.
All of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we remove all the professional professionals to error, well, no one will stay.
And what about people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
So, in my show:``White art, black art, black art ,"it's already a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell you all, from parameters to the head of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"And
And their students would stop, go back, drop your head and swallow saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reducing medical culture . .
And it starts with a doctor every time . .
The redefined physician is human, you know human, it accepted it, and it doesn't come from his mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people, not the intention of catching them, but in a sense and a support way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in when.
My name is Brian Golden . . .
I'm a reduction doctor . .
I'm a human, make mistakes.
And I'm really sorry, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that . . .
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a poll to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose a medium American, it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research a week in a group of business presidents.
And the researchers recorded the different tasks that were used by these executives and the time that they were working on making decisions related with those tasks . .
They found that, on average, they take a hundred jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of conditions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time . . .
Now think of your choices.
You know how many of you belong to nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How do you heat the way that makes those decisions??
I want to talk to you today about one of the biggest problems of today: to choose to the overload.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions . . .
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I black, I raise your hand if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please, you have a pill . .
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear the problem of choice of options?
Thank you.
By being a graduate student from Stanford University, I was faced with this very high level supermarket, and at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called debate.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of water water, and this was when we take water from the faucet . . . .
I would love to go to that store, but in one occasion I asked myself, why didn't buy anything?
This is the steal of the olive oil . .
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in a box that came from millions of millions.
I once decided to visit the manager and ask him,``Is this a strategy of offering all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
So we decided to do a little experiment with the melodies . .
Well.
They had 34 different classes.
We put up a post to go, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out of six out of six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what's the case people were willing to try to try to prove the twins?
More people stopped when there was 24 -- 60 percent, when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a piece of immersion.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Of those who were stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought membrane.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy a mile if they found six . .
Well, deciding that we don't buy it probably makes us, at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice is affected by choices that are very momentous.
We decided not to decide, even though this is not convinced.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with George Hughes, Emma Kuddy and Ted Jane, where we look at decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in plans of savings savings, the 404 program, would motivate people to save for the future.
And we found that really there was a correlation.
We had 570 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
And we found that the bigger one was offered, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And on the plans that are offering about 60 funding, the participation rate went down to the 50th percentile . .
It turns out even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the more people were the number of options, more people were invited by avoiding actions or investment funds.
When there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial market accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences when we get more and more possibilities . .
The most likely thing is that they run the decision, that they can do it even when this is against self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though obviously they get better.
The main reason is that we're looking at that gigantic variety of vast, mustard, vinegar and members, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose that amazing show.
I want to give you four simple techniques today that we've taken out, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Court.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more than today, which less is more.
People are always upset when I say,``Cut . . ''
They're worried about losing space in the ocean.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in the sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in the election . .
When Park & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & amp to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales . .
When the Golden Cat Corporation issued the products for cats who were less sold, the results were increased by 87 percent, for two causes: bigger sales and fewer costs.
You know that today's supermarkets, average offers 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, it's about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the world's world is Death and it offers only 1,400 products, a kind of tomato sauce in the tin . . .
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to handle the choices is the flag of David Libble, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard's employees are automatically embodied to a safe fund of life.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more . . .
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees,``Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you can't do their clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary . . .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience, some holidays with everything to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it . . . .
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take Gabby's disease.
( Few applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept supply.
Aren't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey??
I think I really hit more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first row, than in the second, but I can say that the second time was more real.
Because the images would make it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of options, which is to behave.
For people to understand differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people have spent 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to be seen more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Selam Benjamin and Alexander Avenue, on the staff of NGOs who were working on NGO, these people were in a meeting where they were being happy to a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we built exactly as we used, did a little addiction.
What we added was we used to put the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mine, there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in how they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account for four percent.
The third technique is Clay.
We can handle more categories than options . .
For example, this is a study we made in a magazine.
So we saw that in the supermarkets of the Web, it's all along the Northern corridor, the magazines of magazines can contain from 311 different species to 1968.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Sohni . ''
If you think that the one on the left is Suki, and the one on the right is Japanese, they have a palm . .
( Applause stories) Well, there are some.
If you think that the one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Suki, it's a headline.
Well, something else . .
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the on the right is Suki . But you know something?
This classification scheme is completely useless . .
categories must indicate something to whom they choose, not that it defines them.
You often look at this problem with these huge list list.
Are you supposed to be reporting?
My fourth category: Condition the complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase the complexity gradually . .
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, buy a car.
This is a car German manufacturer who allows him to completely persuade it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each.
Color, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is is to make the order that decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at??
How involved you are.
If you access the button by defect in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, or we're losing them . .
We find that the ones that go from many options in a few, they cut the button per defense and again and another.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose.
Even though, the changes box is not saying anything about the preferences of interior decoration, anyway, anyway, they get us to choice . .
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options of choice: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives -- concrete, making it real; classification, we can handle more categories with less choices; to condition complexity . . . .
All of these techniques that I've presented them were designed to help drive the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think the key to the best of an election is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our best choices will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much . .
In the '80s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, you should register it in the government.
You had to register a piece of text text.
And this for the government could track the origin of texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much it limits the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries . . .
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow points on each page that makes a pattern that makes them themselves and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of it.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can digitize attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
They are the cybercriminals.
like Mr. President Gutter from the city of Kiva, in Ukraine.
The cyber mobile is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, a lot of money.
There are really many cases on online, multiplexing, making money with their attacks.
This is Valley Theater, from Tower, Estonia . . .
This is Alfred Colorado.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bangalore Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tanzania Allende, etc., etc.
These guys are doing their strengths online, but they do it by illegal media by transparent trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online; or steal our passwords to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when she was frozen . . .
Mr. Jain, a seat; you know her bakery.
And I say that today is more likely that any of us is a victim of a cyber of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from wrong.
In the future, most crimes going online.
The second group of important attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have taken out in the last 12 months occupying a paper on the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals who do it for money, hackers like Anonymous, who do it to protest and the last group is the National states, the governments that tie.
And then we see cases like Disness.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
To say is an authority of constraint countries of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
I'm going to decide the last fall for a sabotage.
They took the safety of the site, and he put a catalystice.
And last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to December.
And the answer of him was yes . . .
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digitized is a certified authority.
They sell.
What do the certificates serve?
Well, you need to have a website with athletes, services, SSL, services like Gmail.
I'm sure they're going to intercept a foreign certified authority.
And they emit capability.
And in the case of December happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt??
Well, in Egypt, the protesters came out the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011 and during the drawing of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Those papers was this folder called Embassy.
And within that folder, there were notes of a serial company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to interpret a large scale of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But the Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago was found the Scientist Scottish, a triangle used by the German government officers for their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a little criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is embedded.
But today it goes beyond there.
It interacts the Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the Christian trick to infect our computer with a trick to allow you to see all communication, and listen online, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it seems bad, but I actually don't affect it because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do you deal with it?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of privacy.
This is about freedom against control . .
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we hold today, will be forever.
Do we consciously trust any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years??
These are the questions that have us in the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park Park . .
The Nairobi National Park doesn't have close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They killed our livestock.
This is one who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pay them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of the lions.
They are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
One child in my community, six to nine years, is responsible for his father's livestock, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to fix this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that I really didn't go, because it even helps lions look at the far away . . . .
I don't know . It continued.
A second idea was to use a drum.
I was trying to trick the lions to believe that I was close to the state . .
But the lions are very smart . . They came the first day and they saw the shelves, and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here ., so they jumped and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the basement with a torch and the day the lions didn't come.
I find that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'm going to see and turn off the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
Armstrong everything.
So as you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little head box.
And the industrial box makes the lights.
As you can see, the light bulbs go out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when they come night.
The flash lights and they deceive the lions to think I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions . .
And the neighborhood house heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put it . You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've put them in seven houses in my community, and they're looking a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopards, and it's also being used to get elephants out of the farms . .
Because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brother International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping up funds and consciousness.
It even led to my friends to my community and we put lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid on the savanna of the savanna by pulling my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he told me that someday I would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come up for the first time to TED . . .
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Asia smell, what in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You can't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship . Richard Turin: Yeah . . .
CA: You're working in other electric inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make a close electric . CA: An electric fence?
RM: I know that the electric fences were invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: Now, I'm trying one time, right? And you -- Rick: I've tried it before, but I just got a wire . . CA: At foot of the cannon . Richard tower, you're a big thing.
We're going to bomb every step that you have, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . Pink: Thank you very much . .
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``No envy . ''
And I felt very proud . .
In school, we spent all the time by studying Kim INCRA's story, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
While sometimes I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought a letter from my sister's colleagues.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop staying in this world, because we haven't eaten in two weeks.
We're right together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street, holding a child climbing in her arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything . .
No one would help them, because they were very worried about taking care of themselves and their families . . . .
It's a huge marriage of North Korea in the mid 1990s.
At the end, more than a million North Koreans died during famine and only a few survived by eating paste, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more often the energy cuts, all of me around me was completely dark at night in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always asked myself why they had light and we don't.
This is a North Korea photo in the night compared to neighboring countries . . . .
This is the Christmas River, which serves North Korea between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very income in certain points, allowing North Koreans to cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river . . . . .
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I was separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like to be a Norwegian refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but it's also dangerous, because the Norway refugees in China were illegal immigrants considered.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repaired to a horrible destination back in North Korea . . . .
One day, my worst nightmare was true, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was introduced in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be Norway, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified . . . .
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an official said to another,``This was a false report . She's not Korean . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some people in China are looking at asylum in foreign embassy.
But many of them can be arrested by the Chinese police and the deported.
These women were very lucky.
Although they've caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have enough.
Every year, storytellers are captured in China and department to North Korea, where they're tortured, imprisoned or executed in public.
Now, even though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't had so much.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be taken in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life.
In South Korea was a much higher challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa . .
We're all Korean, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through an identity crisis.
Am I surfing or Korea?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call pride.
Although to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I did a plan . I started to study for the university show.
Just when I began to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call . .
The authorities of North Korea would get a little bit of money that sent my family, and, as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a top-down location.
You had to go immediately.
So I began to plan how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I went into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through the South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and ordered by a Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody's identification, and he started asking them questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I instantly stood up, and I told him that they were deaf people who were taking.
I looked at me, but luckily I believed.
We did all the way to the Larry border.
But I had to spend most of my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after it passed the border, my family was arrested and stuck to cross the border illegally.
After paying and bribes, my family was released in a month . .
But in the time, my family was arrested and caught again in the Ladies capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything for release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in a short prison prison from the South Korea Embassy.
I went and came in between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or molecules.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or a man's voice asking me,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he told me.
\" I'm helping the Norwegian village . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown woman symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Arab people when we needed it.
And I showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are actually the hope rays that North Korea needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I stood up in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half of the battle . . .
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go into a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change Korea from the inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, and so I want to help you give us a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North North Koreans, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Central.
This is Central Center: linguistic stores, fast food, ball terrain.
So the planners of the city came together and thought, let's change the name of Central Central to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles: teeth of triangles, fast food, badlands.
Like, like 26,000 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to carry more people in the car.
People are dying from heart disease in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get home, you see the harmful effects that the food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of budgets that are bought and sold as used cars.
I look at dolphin centers like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution . .
In addition, I've been tired of getting 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was to plant a food forest in front of my house . .
In a farm farm we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet like three feet . .
The point is, it belongs to the city . .
But you have to keep you.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and me, L.A. Green Golden, we put together and we started to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we're doing, we're a kind of a paid group that's taken by gardens of all processes, all of the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, was beautiful.
Then somebody complained.
The city was running on me, and in summary, they gave me a coach saying that I had to retire my garden, the book was made a legal order.
And I said,``Come on, really?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no matter?"So, I was like,``Well, let's look at it . ''
Because this time was not going to happen.
And L.A. Times had a story written by Steve Lovel, and he talked to the concert and one of Green Groups, who put a petition in China, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My company even called to say that they backed out and adore what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A is the city of America with more bare terrain . .
It's 60 miles away from blue terrorists.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why doesn't it look good like this?
cultivating a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my man, when I say to people, they cultivate your own food . .
cultivating your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Central.
I grew up there . I raised my children there . . . . . .
I'm laughing at being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality . . .
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which broke walls, I fight soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the soil, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my reward of that canvas . .
You'd be surprised to see what the land can do, if you leave it.
You just can't imagine how amazing a spin is, and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of my neighborhood transformation . . .
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
You'll be surprised to see how they affect the kids.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a ground.
Also, they get strawberries.
And I remember an occasion, and they came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like the 100 of the night and they were in my garden, and I went out and looked very much.
I, well, man, I felt bad who were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt embarrassed when I saw people who were so close to hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``Hey, don't you afraid that people will steal your food? ''
So I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it . ''
So it's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to challenge your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter for displaced in downtown Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, and he shared her stories about how this had affected them, and how they used to plant with his mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just a moment.
So Green Gates has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, everybody in a volume.
If the kids grow up, the kids will eat it.
If you grow tomatoes, they eat tomatoes . But if none of this are taught, if you don't teach them how the food affects the mind and the body, they eat to blind what they put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that you're trapped in, and I see kids of color that are in this path that are designed for them, which leads to no side.
With the fat, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are charged from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington park.
But if we don't change the composition of the Earth, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block . . .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee . . .
Don't get me wrong . .
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious of sustainability is you have to support it.
What I'm talking about is putting people out of the street, taking kids out of the street, who know the joy, pride and honor to grow their own food, opening farmers in farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become evolutionary, management, conservative gardeners.
We have to change the script of what a management is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a farmer.
That the farmers take your stick right?
That's his choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, I didn't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some crap.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Peace .: Thank you . . .
Thank you.
( Beatboxing sound) ) mirrors) They probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially in days as today, that it comes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that it weighs.
And especially if you go mountains in your bike and these cars pass, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we'd want a quiet road . .
The solution for that is to make porous vacuum roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we're using now in most of the Netherlands' roads, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rainwater water flows into the sides and they will have a road that it's easy to drive, and not spread water.
Noise also disappears in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road . .
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is you can get rid of it.
What is it going to get rid? You see that in this road, the stone stones come out.
First one a stone, then several more and more and more and so forth, and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can damage her, and you cannot be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bottles with that . . . .
Oh . It's ready . . .
BG, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of warning between stones.
Because of the intention, the U.S. light, the oxygen, this right, this button, the glue between the river, it escapes, and if you pick up, you will get microbes and you will separate from the agenda.
So if you drive through the road, you'll take the added -- as we saw it here . .
In order to solve this problem, we think of autism materials . . .
If we can make this material, we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is we use steel wool, of that to clean up on, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have a laptop with little bits of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, you use to cook -- a machine of induction.
The induction can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you've got to do is warm the steel, melt the button, the button flow through these bikes and the stones will look at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big information machine here to the stage . .
The microwave oven is a similar system . .
I put the show, I'm going to take out what happened.
This is the show coming out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab for striking samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they actually saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we got a piece of road , 400 feet away from the freeway 2008, where we had to make a trial lane to prove this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the highway test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . -- that's what we know about practice . .
We took a lot of samples of this road, and we tested them in the lab . .
We put the samples together, we put them a lot of charge on them, we went through them, and we went back to our computer machine and we went back and we're going to test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've done a material using fibers of steel, including these fibers, using the energy of independence to actually increase the life of the road surface, you can even double the life of the surface, you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot . .
Actually, you have to cold before I can show you how they act the repair . . . .
But I'm going to do an attempt . .
Look . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the objective in my house . . .
My father was hearing BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in her face that was unusual in those times, because the news is usually depressed.
\" The Taliban were!"he screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy . . .
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he told me.
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban took out of Afghanistan and made it illegal that girls went to school . . .
For the next five years, I looked at a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that those two could be educated.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags to look like we're going to buy.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives; the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, the school was closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us . . .
Were we following us??
Did you know where we live??
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and dances a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for their time.
A total incubator of a remote England province, he insisted that her daughter, my mother, went to school, and why her father was him.
But my educated mother became mastery.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood . .
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks . .
For him, there was a better risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of Taliban, I remember that there were times that I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hey, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . . You can force you to leave your house during a war . . .
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So do you still want to not keep? ''
Today I'm 22.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war . .
Less than six percent of women of my age have more than the scholarship, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I'm proud to graduate in Mexican College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was exhausted from his home for the courage of educating her daughters, was one of the first ones in happy.
He's not just heard of my college title, but I was also the first woman, and I am the first woman, who I carry it down by the streets of Kabul . . . . .
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me . .
That's why I'm the global embarrassment of 1920, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I Sweeten Solar, the first, and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country that is still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students at my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like the mine, to advocate for them, to weigh and even face a detailed opposition.
Like Ahmed ., it's not his true name, and I can't show you your face, but Ahmedabad is the father of one of my students.
And less than a month ago, he and his daughter went on the road from G to his village, and literally, they went to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, you're the phone, a voice told him that if he was looking at her daughter to school, they're going to try.
\" You know, if you want ,"he said,``But I won't hurt the future of my daughter for his old and delayed ideas . ''
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those of us succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter, and that he sees the success of her own success . . .
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success . .
In fact, it's the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find Americans who see the fragility of changes.
I'm afraid these changes don't sleep a lot, after the U.S. troops . .
But when I comes back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, who animate them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and competitive possibilities, and every day, UCLA's girls remind me . . .
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, have never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile,``Son, resist to Gaddafi . ''
But you never become a Gabby style . ''
They've spent almost two years since the polar revolution was inspired by the supermarkets of mass mobilization both as much as the Tunisian revolution.
And a lot of a lot of other online citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a customs day and start a revolution against the garden regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a big revolution . .
Young women and young books were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, bringing banners of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a bravery to be able to address the screening dictator of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six-year-old period of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and to defeat the tyrant.
Now, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and alternation seeds.
For four decades, the Harvard regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the online society.
Now, aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted a lot of other women together, rebuild the online civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They were established about 200 organizations in Bennie during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Project.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I came back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I began to organize workshops about developing skills, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we went through the World Peace platform for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the unpredictable period, an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is modeling from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, little by little, the elation of elections and the revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found news news.
So, one day, we get rid of the news of the ancient mosques and suffering graves.
Another day that was stuck with the news of the American ambassador, and the annoyacity attack.
Another day, we wake up with the news of the official officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the military government and its continued human rights violations, and their lack of law respect.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, polar more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the cones of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the``credit"and the elections.
So, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, we chose wrong, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well . . .
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The Alexander list and the connectivity between candidates and commands brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why, why is our society and mastered politicians of domination and exclusion, both by men as for women?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus, more than it needed the election, which was only reinforced by polarization and division . .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female, more than to need the numerical and quantum representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of independence and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse, which is not just honor, but it also puts the mercy instead of the revenge, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, being destroyed by war, needs to be desperately needed to get peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that's about the intersection and the alternative between the feminine and the male perspectives.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a verse of the Koran``Salaam"-- the peace --``is the word of the Middle God ,"[ unclear] ]. ''
At the same time, the word``root ,"which is known in all the autonomous traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``ran"-- I mean, by whistling the feminine and the maternal, which fits the whole humanity of which men and women, that all tribes and all of the towns have drunk.
And so, just as the uterus comes up completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion numbers all the existence.
So we're saying,``My mercy sets up all things . ''
So we're saying,``My mercy predicts on my anger . ''
That they are all about the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an equal question, which has an equally disturbing answer . .
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everyone does: Why is she left?
Why would anybody stay with a man who sticks?
I'm not psychiatrist, no social worker, no expertise in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story.
I was 22 years old . I just read me at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first work as a writer and editor in the magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green, green American card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that a lot, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, would take me to my head with a gun, charge with storm bullet.
The man, he loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened with me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap, developed of love, where every million women fall, and even some men.
Until it could be their story . . .
I don't look like a typical surface of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA at Marcha Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of``Fortune 500"list, between Johnson & Johnson, Leo Bang and The Washington Post.
I'm almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black labyrinth, and you know, a Hindu Honey minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all of the religions, all levels of rent and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependent and long duration or, in other ways, in the families, the last place where we would want to find violence -- the reason why, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who pays him, and in fact, I was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples, neighbors and husbands in the United States . . .
I also had a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January . .
I was sitting on my side in the subway of New York and started to stretch me.
He said two things.
The first was that he had also just been able to get rid of a university from the West Lastin, and he worked in a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me most at that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a guy from the field . .
I had a bunch of big molecules like apples, and a wheat hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things that Congo made, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner . . . .
He did about everything at the beginning in a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved all of me, that I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who put passion in helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions . .
I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that's why the literature in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him . .
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to educate and make the victim . .
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave my dreams work, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, which was entering a head in a physical trap, finance and psychology carefully prepared.
The next step in the domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react.
And here is where they enter these guns.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where he was supposed to feel so safe was bought.
He had it in the car gas.
Another thing under the pillow in our bed and the third in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived as small.
He needed them to feel safe.
But those halls were actually a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was already dangerous, every minute of every day.
China's first physical attack was five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 mortalites of my neck had disappeared, I put me on my mother's girlfriend and married with him.
Despite what he had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved her, and he also loved me too much.
And I was very, very regret . . . .
It's just been very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact that we formed a family with me . .
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so loud in my head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple days later, driving back from our honey moon, he took off the traffic and threw me a Big Mac Car.
Now, I went on to fold me one or twice a week for the next two years and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation . .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are evil , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Come back to my question: Why do I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me . .
In the contrary, I was a very strong woman, a deep man who was deeply engaged, and it was the only person in the world who could help Einstein face his demands . . .
The other question that everybody does is, why doesn't it go?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
So to me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a curse.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it . . .
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has gone down to the relationship, after they go down, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment, even after the abused has come to marry, the financial resources, and manipulation of the family system system to land the victim and their children, who are normally forced for the judges to spend the time not overcome with the man who paid their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why doesn't it go?
I was able to go, because of a last piece that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he was allowed.
So I broke the silence.
I told everyone the world: the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims as a spooky headlines, automatic women, dangerous goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is yours for staying ,"as if the victims will choose intentionally to love men who want to destroy us.
But since I published``Love love ,"I've heard hundreds of men of men and women who also escaped, who learned an unsustainable lesson of what happened to them, and they kept their lives, joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I got married with a tender man and nice, and we have those three kids.
I've got that black labyrinth, and it's also a miracle . . .
What I'm not going to do is ever again, it's a charged pistol pointing into my head in someone who says I want.
So right now, you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating ,"or``Honey, what stupid was it, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people who are listening to me right now, that they're being battered or that they were small or they're abuse themselves . .
The evil could be affecting her daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you . .
Talk to what you've heard about here . . .
The abuse is just in silence . .
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just by dragging light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the lights to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They account for their vision of survivors as a fantastic, lovely people that have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow their staircase and show the victims a safe leap . . .
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . Cameron Russell, and for a time, I is a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't be dressed like that . Luckily, I've swallowed clothes to change me.
This is the first laundry shift on a stage at TED, so you have a lot of lucky, I think . .
If some of the women were horrified when they came, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds . . .
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These gaps are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them anymore.
The worst part is to pass this guy out of your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so they don't do anything as I cover my head . .
All right.
Why have I done this??
It's been embarrassing . . . . .
Well, I hope not as much as this picture . .
The appearance is powerful, but also shallow.
I've totally changed what they thought of me in six seconds . .
And in this picture, I never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was fully uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would open the back, and it would take the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or a artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though superficial and unchanging, has a big impact in our lives . . .
So today, to me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but honestly.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say,``A coral discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything . . .
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is . .
Well, in the last few centuries, we've not just defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we also have associated with it to a high and faint shape, to womanhood and to a white skin . . .
And that's my heritage, heritage I've known to spend money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptics, and maybe there are some kind of fashion lovers that say,``Wait ."There you are Namibia, Turkey, Joan Shames, Liz Wn.
First of all, happiness for knowing so much about models . It's surprising.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student from the University of New York City told each and each of the models in the space, and the 76 contrast models, only 27, is, less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people ask me is: Could it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know.
But then, what I would really say to each one of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a carbon and cardiac surgery and poet, which would be impressive, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``Yeah, my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of the magazine of the American magazine or the head of H & M, or the next Steven Meadow.
To say, you want to be a model, it's like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older . . .
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the leading surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Now, once you've already finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, you know, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``underwear, the internal clothes for 10 years, people look at you weird . ''
The next question that people always do is if all of the photos are collected.
And yeah, they're practically portrayed all the photos, but that's just a small part of what's going on.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I wouldn't even have my period . . .
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is what it looks like to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a piece of stickers a few days before the photos for the French voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine V.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not myself in those pictures.
They're creation of a group of professionals, mayors, masters, photographers and stimulation, and all of their heads and pressure people, and they're able to create this . That's not me . . .
Well, the next question that people ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many gaps from 20 feet, and I'm never using, except the past, but the privilege I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and I was given free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a little bit of a driver, and he jumped a red foot, and, of course, they stood, and there's a little bit of it, an agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these priorities for me, not what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, the 14,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 77 young black and Latino young people in New York City, so for them, isn't a question of me standing?
And when?
In research for this talk, I found out that 13 percent of 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at age 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: What is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also amazing to be able to work with creative, ingenious and passionate people.
And that's true, but it's just a part of what's going on, because what we never say before the cameras, what I've never said before them is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about myself every day.
And if you ever ask yourself: with some more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, it will be happier?
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the clothing clothes, but they're probably the most unsustainable women on the planet.
But mostly it was hard to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image that we have from success and failure.
Thank you . .
Photography has been my passion since it was the big enough to hold a camera, but I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't have to take them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no chance to repeat the photos, not even a minimal care in the lighting . .
In fact, most of them took them random tourists.
My story begins when, finding me in New York City to give a sentence, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of the 57 and five.
It gave the chance that we came back to New York a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approached, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take you to Canada to New York City in a paradigm trip and the ritual? ''
Here's when we started asking the tourists that were going to happen to us.
It's amazing that the gesture of getting the camera to a complete unknown is so universal . . . .
Never no one has denied, and fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera . . .
So we weren't aware of how much of life would change us.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a specific moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and making it rethink about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only to physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter brings new myths, and I can see life through your eyes and how I perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when all of a sudden, he stopped in dry and pointed out a red string of the board store that's coming from small visits.
And he described me what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I told you that he remembered his heart beating in a way to see that place for the first time time.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't leave a lot of the familiar pictures . .
I'm always the one that took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to go into the picture, and they don't have to close to someone and ask,``Do you get a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world . .
Buttons are in the most threatening bird group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter personalized characters as the characters, silly, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and applications, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it . .
Don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment of the environment, they don't help prevent the spread of disease.
And it's very difficult . They're far from extinct ., and my favorite, the gaps have better presence . there are two types on this planet.
There are the New World Bangs that are mainly found in the Americas, like the cancers and the guards, and the former World Eastern World, where we have 16 species, of these 16 , 11, they face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the gaps important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services . .
They are our natural trash claims.
It cleans the cadavers into the bone . .
They help kill all bacteria . They help to absorb the anthrax that not to be because of them, and it causes large losses of livestock and disease in other animals . .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no gaps, the carcasses take three to four times longer to break away, and this has huge ratings in spread of diseases.
The gaps also have huge historical importance . . .
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Newtonian was the symbol of the protection and the maternity, and along with the cobra, we signed the unit between the Royal and the Netherlands . .
In the Hindu mythology, Jamaica was the grand god, and he risked his life to save the Sunday diet of the 10 League Reduction.
In the military culture, they do a lot of important entities to open sky, and in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these gaps provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with the goods?
We have eight species of grasslands in Kenya, which of which six are in extreme extinctions.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . The private communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the gaps are victims of this . . .
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four days of bones are on the critical list of extinction, which means that less than 10 or 15 will get extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the winning consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like dictator.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there are no roads, there's been a property in the number of steel dogs in verses, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge bomb of rage time . The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 350 services are going to be above the Turkana lake . . .
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them through half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead banks to serve the building and the heavy market.
So what is it being done? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting transmission.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focusing on a problem locally is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation the gaps, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them, we need to focus on these very important creatures, to spend their time to spread the word.
When they get out of this room, they're informed about the gaps, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the gaps . . .
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed from opinion because he saw them flying without effort, without energy expenditure in the skies.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much . .
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it's been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, I hit young, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Mars Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries . .
He worked for an Italian NGO, every project we set in Africa failing.
And it was depressed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, all we did is we love it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Empires of Library ,"was a project where the Italian people we decided to teach people from Zambia to culture food.
And so, we got Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zim River, and we teach the local tomatoes to grow Italian and quiet tomatoes.
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, because we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't go . We were amazed that the locals, in so fertile value, hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how we might not grow anything, we just said,``Thank you God we're here . ''
And of course, everything in Africa grew very heavily.
We got these wonderful tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the chimps,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, wood and red, overnight, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to the Taliban,``Oh my God, we're hyper-thinking! ''
And the sharks said,``Yes, so we have no agriculture here ."`` Why don't they say?"`` You never ask . ''
I thought we just ate mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you can see, at least we feed the hyperbole.
You've got to see the waste -- you should see the waste that I forgot to people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead Heart ,"by David Moon, economic economist . .
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western countries, have led to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused . . .
Just read their book.
Keep it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are primitive, colonial missionary, and treat people only in two ways: or the patterns, or we are paralysis.
The two words come from the Latin Path, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Paralyzities, I treat any of a different culture as if you were my children .``I want you very much . ''
The sponsors, I treat all of them in a different culture as if you were my servers . . .
So the white in Africa are called``blue ,"boss.
That book gave me a joke in the face:``The little thing is beautiful ,"I wrote by Schumann, who said above all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, leave alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect . .
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor, and he said,``Can you imagine a city that is not a neuroscientist? ''
I decided at the age of 27, just responding to people, and invented a system called Computer Companies where you . You never start anything, you never move anyone, but it becomes a series of the local passion, the public of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do?
It never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local . .
We don't work from the offices . .
We got together in a coffee . We get into a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we see what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion . . .
You can give someone an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's you going to do??
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing . . .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help you find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea cannot have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years later, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard? But not community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attend, and they'll never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified . . .
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't take their public meetings.
What do we do? We work on one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new career.
The profession is the family family doctor, the family doctor of the business, who set up with you in your house, on your kitchen table, in your kitchen, and it helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in hopes, the city of West Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this continuous garbage where we get to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in a row, and the government came to me to ask,``How can you do that?
How can it do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very hard.
So, I heard ."So, the government says,``Tell it again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying.
Peter Dickinson, one of the greatest corporate advisers of history, passed at 96 years ago . .
Peter Drug was a professor of philosophy before they get into business, and this is what Peter Gramma says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and a innovative economy economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you're going to rebuild Christchurch without knowing what people most crafty in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them, your privacy, you have to be fantastic at helping them, and then they'll come, you'll come in.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 clients . .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation you have ever collapsed this morning?
Lot of passionate people . That's what you've been clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the world's first industrial revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable . . .
The rise as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable . . .
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we engage, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way . .
There are no technologies to do.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution? The universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
It will be the entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that read in a future journal many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1850s.
And in the year 1980s, this group of people came together, and they were spectacular to what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was anonymous: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing to this rate, to transfer the population of New York around the surrounding, they require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already rising in dung ., so in 1968, they were dividing this dirty technology that would open New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, the United States appeared , 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, failure, factories in places.
Democratic, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs . .
First, you've got to offer them.
Otherwise, they won't come to you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, later, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell a great financial administration.
Do you know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money alone . .
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies in the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo . . .
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: none of them was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times . . . .
He wasn't just when it started . . . . .
No one starts a company . No one . . .
So we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small business sitting in coffee, in bars and their dedicated shrimp who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who speaks to this epidemic, someone who would ask you,``What do you need? ''
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, you can sell it? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` I'd like you to look at someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you . .
They can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the neighbors, so we don't change a lot of knowledge even though they share the same public spaces.
I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like prosthetics, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like: how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we stop and ask yourself more things without calling the door in a bad moment??
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better??
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant rules that give shadows to lovers, drunk and snakes from centuries and trust in a city . . .
It's always given to the music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me . .
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this was a profound gratitude for the time.
It gave me clarity to the significant things in my life . . .
But I push to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to get caught by day and forget the really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house in a giant blackboard, and he painted on her phrases to fill,``Before I was dying...''
So the protesters could take a chalk, reflect their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by hacking ."`` Before I die I want to sit on the line of date change . . ''
\" Before I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before you die, I want to plant a tree.
\" Before you die outside of the network . ''
\" Before I die I, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I want to go to someone's rescue . ''
Before I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was constructive and the dreams and hopes of people made me laugh at me, and they gave me a comfort in hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . -- it's about understanding our neighbors in new and lucrative ways, and it's about giving birth to reflection and contemplation, and of remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit, and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increasing distraction, it's more important than ever, finding the ways of preserving the perspective and remembering life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understand that preparing for death is one of those things that makes us more power.
Think about the heart death of the life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better than they care about individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fears and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
It's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Red knows what love is.
You share it in a way that happens.
It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: I have never lied . .
When it sang songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very tons . .
It has the most powerful memory.
However, it's a selective memory . .
It doesn't remember if I broke my chocolate, but remember the year I came up every one of my iPod's songs, conversations that we kept on when I was four years old, I'd pee in my arm during the first episode of the Tennessee and the birthday of Lady Gandhi.
Don't you find it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't fit into the concept of normal society, they are often ignored and unfinished.
But what drives my heart and puzzled my soul was that even if that was the case, even if you wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that only could mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary . .
Now, for those fewer families with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it's manifest in a different way, that Rezero is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that faster in the world, there's no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was really excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months passed, I realized that he was different.
He screamed a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
R lived and repeated in his own world, with his own rules, and found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting cars around the room around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that there would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more obvious.
But beyond the edges, frustration and international hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure nature and innocent, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments in which I would have wanted them to be just like me . .
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality happens by the top of the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some of it is wrong.
It just means that there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could bring them a single thing to Rio and Sam and to you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary . . .
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- it's a gift, each of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for brilliance, progress and change in the moment where we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been to be Alice in the Mariado Country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who would give a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was scared . . -- scared of these students with their great minds, their big books and their big, unknown words . .
But when I developed those conversations, I felt what the Alice should have felt when he fell down the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt that when I had these conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world . . . . .
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication . .
We need a lot of communication in our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, between others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, helium with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do so to make sure that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer: and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just that they study the transcripts, but they study the translations, which are the structure of our bones, because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, carefully careful.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them silly.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can clearly communicate their science without compromise ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . These are ways of getting unstuck and getting excited with their content . .
And by presenting their work, forget of``bullet"signs.
They have wondered why they call``bullet"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and open up.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown's example is much more effective .: It shows that the special structure of dragonflies is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate sentence that the audience can understand if you lose a little, and then provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some key to the other way that we would open the door and look at the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all of the media, beautiful with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all of the Oxford English Dictionary is``progressive . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``support"means``destereation policy . ''
So, there was a 19th century weather editor that defined it much better when he said,``A consumer ,"is the one that seeks a public charge no matter, platform or principle, and that, when it works, it's because of the mere use of a media version.
I have no idea what it means . ''
Something to see with the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the foundation of politics, and that all the politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1772 that British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of a guy who had a guy with the endless name of Brazil crochet, who was faced with Parliament . .
He was placed in the London Tower and they commissioned it, but he had the enough courage to face them, and at the end had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use that was recorded from the phrase``like ,"as well as the metal.
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . . It's by a freedom of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to the United States, right after independence . . .
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
You don't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
You've got all kinds of suggestions that might have been able.
Some of you wanted to call it``State of State Washington ,"and others,``Your Alaphanes George Washington ,"and other``advocate of the Freedom of the United States of America . ''
Not very close.
Some of you just wanted to call it``Rio . . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And I didn't even even have them, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain deadline.
And I could have served . . . .
Everybody gets tired in the world, because this debate was coming for three weeks.
He read the day of a poor senator, and I always wrote,``Still with this issue . . ''
What caused the portrait and the end was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The chamber of representatives didn't want Washington to be able to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call him king for him, and he had to get her ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most expensive, more numb and more livable title that came to them.
And that title was``President . ''
President ., they didn't invent the title, there was before, but it only meant``somebody who predicts a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury . .
And I didn't have much more granted than the term``foreman"or``supply . ''
There were events that were very small colonial substances and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title . .
And so the Senate is happening.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreign dinosaurs . ''
\" And who would be serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate doesn't.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite, and I've been able to find out, the Senate has never really refined the title of President . . . .
President Barack Obama is lucky to continue there, waiting for the Senate to be in action . . .
The second thing we can learn is, when a government says that a government is temporary, it's possible that we keep waiting for 220 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the title of President in the United States doesn't sound so modern today, right?
Especially, if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world, and a fleet of aerial air vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have taken off the title of graph.
So the end won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was an uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations have now?
And it's all because they want to sound like a 5,000 nuclear warheads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the Camera of representative, because no one's going to feel humble when you tell them they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the big lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you with.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, really, really, really, the word reality much more the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much . .
I'm 45 to feet underground in a illegal mine in Ghana . .
The air is warm and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but mostly that computer of male and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other ones, I carry a little thin light bar, which is holding your head with this crazy excuse, and I can barely distinguish the remarkable branches that hold the walls of that one meter in the ground.
My hand is broke, and suddenly I remember a minister that I met earlier, who lost the control and fell countless feet on that pump . .
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole by risking their lives without paying any reward, and often dying.
And I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are from slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at Vancouver's Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met an integrated intersection of the Sunshines, a NGO which is devoted to modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not to such degree.
When we finished talking, I felt very badly -- I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this asteroid of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know??
And I was asked by the stomach, and then weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of Freud and offering my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these sites.
Some of them, even, my second home.
But this time, it's wearing the dirty rag.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people slavery in the world.
It's twice as many of the amount of Africans that are taken throughout the whole deal of transit slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker . .
The equivalent to about $50,000 today.
And yet, today, you can look at entire families by number generations of 18 dollars 18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from over $13 billion per year around the world.
Many of them have been fooled with false education promises and better work for then discovering that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence, and they can't escape.
Now, slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves, but those who produce them are disposable.
The slavery exists almost everybody, and yet, is illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the ants of bricks . . .
This strange and formidable show was like getting to the old Egypt or the Death.
In a temperature of 54 degrees C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy hand of powder stacking in their heads, until 18 at the same time, and they take them from the artistic furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Defending by monotony and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction was making to pee that was quite interesting.
So painting was the heat and the dust that my camera turned too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the ability that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Hi, don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explaining that to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct help . .
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that you were already.
I had to trust the soldiers and work within the system for its release and trust that they would.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my destructive heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids coming out of stones for miles on the mountains of mountains that were waiting down.
Those big flags were more heavy than the children who carry them, and kids are holding them to their heads with courses that were made of sticks, strings and rags . . .
It's hard to get something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paid, because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers picked up their freedom, slaves burning their homes.
By hearing the word slavery, we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness, I convinced me that I would be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I would take women who had previously been sexual slaves . . .
I was driven by a few of them, and they gave this dirty stage, of flow light.
It wasn't exactly a core . . .
It was rather a restaurant.
Separate, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where women's slaves with their girls and children, some of it just seven years are forced to entertain the customers and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every piece is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse to their customers.
On the foot, I remember to have felt an acute curious fear, and at that moment, I could barely imagine what it must be to be stuck in that hell . . . .
I just had a exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no bed doors . . .
There was no windows enough to climb.
Those people don't have a sparket, and because we take a very difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that somewhere between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves . .
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often associate with a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were the entire families enslaved on silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are from the father, the teeth of blue and red, of their children.
They mix spots in these big barrels and sunlight silk in the liquid, but the score is toxic.
My gut told me their stories.
\" We have no freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, though, I can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake rain, the largest artificial lake in the world . . .
When we arrived, I went to make a quick look.
Did I see what seemed to be a fishermen of fishermen on a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense not?
mistake . . They were all slaves . . .
The children are separated from their traffic families, disappeared and forced to work extinct in these boats in the lake, despite not to know swimming.
This boy is eight years old . . . .
When our boat came up, he was shaking; her little bread was embarrassing.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches radiologists of the trees in the lake, they often catch networks and children, fatigue, and with fear, they fall into water to disappear the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of their love, it's not going to flee, and like all of life has been treated with cruelty, it's creatively treated the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning when they raised the last net, but they had been working from one.
I'm in the cold and wind night.
And it can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish . .
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fish village.
I met it in a shelter in which I was French the Slower State Resident.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will get to be thanks to somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
He's driving for a road in Ghana with English partners, a signal partner with his engine suddenly accelerated and coming up our car and touched the window . . . .
It asked us to follow it on a road path to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he invited us to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
Then I pointed up this simple visible and said,``This is the way, this is the way . We go . ''
As we started down, we took the walls that blocked the path and after about a day, we found out that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the pictures team on my head as we descend in these waters to the chest.
After two hours on the way, the tiny path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes who could fit in a football field, and everybody was full of enslaved workers.
A lot of women had kids tied on their back, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in water poisoned.
The mercury is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole on another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were embedded in their own sweat . .
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many of them had been under land for 72 hours.
The pieces have up to 90 feet, and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area where they're going to kill the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong men, but, if you look closer, we see the margin, we see the less surface and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence . .
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends like this very multiplexible and manifestation victim in a few years.
This is Manchester . when his father died, he led him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Samantha inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be a slave in the mines . . .
When I met it, I had been working on the mines , 14 years, and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that the doctors said it should be supported.
In addition to that, Warren has T.B., and I don't know that, it's forced to work night and day on that mine.
Even so, he's going to be released and educated with local activists, like the suites of the suites, and it's this kind of determination, to a remote possibility, which inspired me very much respect.
I want to throw light on slavery . . .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give testimony from them, and that we do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it gets very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not from magazines . They are people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, abuse, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images wake up a force in whom you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to get a fire and that fire light on slavery, because without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much . .
I do math app and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are like management consultant.
No one knows what we do.
So I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities . .
We dislike the virtues of the ballet and the clip dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity, and probably a certain initial competence that can have a genetic component . . .
Sadly, the neurological disorders as the evil of Parkinson destroyed gradually this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Strip, who, in his time, was a virtual bit of ballet dancing . .
Over the last few years, a lot has been made in the treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world that are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, tremor, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress for objective, and ultimately, the only way we'll know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and central metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological exam.
You need to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a critical journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You don't need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So, what I want to give you as no conventional way to try, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Strip.
This is a video of vocal chords.
It shows someone healthy while he emits sounds like talking . We can imagine as a dancer bubble, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes needed . The Foster, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training . . .
Let's think of the time that gives a child to learn how to speak . .
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate, and as Parkinson affects the edges, it also affects the vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom, you can see an architect of vocal chords from vocal chords.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and rainbow.
The speech becomes more quiet and added after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these exams based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make it . .
They're both accurate . . Okay, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be administrators.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot . . .
And so we all know what happens.
When something gets so low, it appears at a massive scale.
These are some incredible lists to address.
We can reduce the logistics of the patients . .
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for routine cream.
With high-quality monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make low-cost massive recruit for clinical trials and, for the first time, recycled checks on a large scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biofuels of the disease before it's too late . . . .
So, by doing that today, the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Acumen and Pathetics, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Whatever, without Parkinson's, can call the price and leave for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who is not?
What would you take out of these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, yeah . What happens is, for the call you have to say if you have or not the disease.
MB: You see, some people cannot happen . You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for eating the confusion factors in pursuit of the real markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MB: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Botswana, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now he has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Nine and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MB: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Atlanta, public . . .
MW: Thank you, Tom . . . . .
Before March of 2011, I made photography portraits in New York City.
We're fishing creatures, gray creatures . .
We hide in the darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually avoiding sunlight.
We do the very thin models, the perfect skin, the perfect skin, we do the impossible, we can, and they criticize us on press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was a volunteer, there lies Voland, I was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Utopia.
It's a small set of fishermen located in the Coast of nearly 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The water level made over 24 feet tall and over three miles Earth inside.
As you can imagine, the people were devastated . .
We take rubble rubble and shortcuts.
We cleaned the slime, and we left the houses ready to be renewed and refined . . . .
We remove tons and tons of fish, surprise, surface of the local factory.
We get into and loved it.
For weeks, the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and shadows.
Everybody did the same thing.
It'll collect them and bring them to different places of people around them to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a facility facility center.
It helped clean the common bathrooms, the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the education center comes up with pictures.
And there we got them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression of the horizon, but it wasn't until I moved into my horizon that something happened.
By looking at pictures, I found some that were more than a hundred years old, some of them were still on the envelope of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that race and repair that road and meet hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the morning next, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to collect pictures.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too much stressed, but where the water had declined the face of the girl, I had to fix it with a lot of precision and heavy.
Otherwise, that girl wouldn't look like the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the photo photo.
Over time, they came up for the more pictures, and they needed more rotations, so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who are willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized ourselves to Rongbastin, a neighboring people north of Washington . . . .
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photography libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends of course of the depths of the photos.
It could make an hour . It could implement weeks.
It could be involved by months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand by hand using the areas whose color and detail had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures buried in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of it together with the time of the time continues to destroy them, and that's why you clean them up, it was a major part of the project.
We couldn't hit the picture unless he was clean, dry and cut out of his owner.
We were lucky with the hand.
We count with the guide of a remarkable neighbor . . .
It's very easy to damage the pictures of the photos.
And as once once he said a W, my group's leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes . .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky in relation to pictures.
He had started to clean them up, but he stopped the realization that I had them even more.
It also had doubled . .
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we could put out the images in one picture and pick up the picture.
When he collected his pictures, I share something from his story with us . .
A few colleagues of their husband found pictures in a bomb station between the rubble far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the unable to close the bars to the wave . . .
He had to go inside the water as the Mermaid sounded.
Their young children, not so small now, but their two children were in the school, in different schools . .
One of them was trapped in water.
It took her a week to find all her family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave her his youngest son to be 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do, something that he could go back to look at, something that he could remember from the past I had not been mapped by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100, there were hundreds with hundreds of hundreds of them helped us to clean over 135, the big majority of them -- the big majority of their owners came back to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back 90 families of completely restaurants and broken photos.
Over this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the printers of printers . .
We take pictures constantly . . .
One picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone loved . . .
They're guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
It's about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past . . .
When a picture like this is back to someone, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the cracks.
Some of them connected to something bigger, to go back something, using their talent for something that they're not models of perfect skin.
So I'd like to read this email . I sent it out the day I came out of Japan after six months.
As I did, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture of women of different ages from the grandmother to the young girl, gathered around a baby, turned to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter was born.
In the entire world, all of our basic needs are the same, right??
Thank you.
Doc Eden inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a miracle of a second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
So I present you a new kind of photograph: the computer -- a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow motion in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see behind the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they actually challenge the idea of camera . .
If I take a laser pointer and turn it into a single biologist, and it's, in several ways, I will create a package package of just a millimeter of pictures.
And that package of photons, that bullet, will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet . . .
So if you take that box and this picture of photons and shoot on this bottle, how are those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke doesn't look at this research . There's a lot of things in this film, and you'll download this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a little packet of photons that starts to catch it and, inside, start to shoot.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we start to see these ripples.
Many of the photons finally come to the room and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
In that time, the waves travel around the table and because of the reflections of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it walk the same distance, and you see it in a slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think we would take us to see that film?
A day? One week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a hot bullet.
And how about do you test with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are taken from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, thinking about a bed at a time, but, of course, our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look at this tomatoes, you'll realize that, as the light gets rid of the tomato, it goes bright . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is a mature and the bounces inside it, and it comes back after several billion.
In the future, when this camera is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check whether the fruit is a bad without having to play it . . .
Why do we create this camera at MIT??
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at a low exposure, it gets very little.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I'll just go into some light.
We send that bullet, that picture of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very honest sync, we took those data gigabytes and we can compute them carefully to create those demonstrations that I showed you . .
We can take all of those raw data and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible . . .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to look after the corners??
The idea is that we could throw some light over the door . Remember, entering the room, one part is going to reflect in the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple regions of light . . .
It's not science fiction . -- we've built it.
On the left, there's our computer.
Behind the wall there is a manual, and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in New Commons.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our food, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what a distance of how much of it.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture in raw, which, you see in the screen, don't really have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images, we put them together and we're trying to analyze the multiple regions of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve . . .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions watching the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build companies able to see the inside of the body by flying around, and the same for cardiologists.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty hard, so this is a question to scientists to start thinking about mammography as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just as Doc Anderson, himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of cutting photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to be able to do it.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few biologists.
But there's something fun here.
If you look at the waves under the lid, they get away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have found this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appeared to the camera . . .
By applying the corresponding behavior of space and time, we can correct this distortion . . .
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . . This is my mobile phone . .
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone you can take a message and start an Egypt protest.
So with a mobile phone, you can record a song, go up to Hollywood and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a chassis of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this town.
Here you can see hundreds of thousands of people who are trying to look for a change.
So this is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people filled that you're looking for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who of the present have a mobile phone here??
Have them keep them . . .
Raise your mobile phone, release them!
Let's send them . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody has a mobile.
But today, I'm talking about my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Brother data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission was a directive . .
The database of Data.
This directive says that every European Internet company, every Internet providers, has to store a broad range of users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who . .
Who sends a text to who . .
And if we use the mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored at least six months, and until two years, in your phone company or the Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . . ''
They said they didn't want this database.
We want the self-determination in the digital age and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said that this would be Stage 2.0.
The Stage was the secret police in Germany.
And I also asked if this works really works.
Can you store all this information on us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone, demographic Kelly, which then was the largest phone company in Germany, which please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asked to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're producing my life.
So I decided to start a legal demand because he wanted this information.
But Victor Gell-Mann said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed up an agreement.
It would take the demand, and they send me the information I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitution German failed the constitution for German law from the E.U.
So I got this ugly on marriages with a CD in a CD.
And in the CD there was this.
Three and five thousand things of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive . .
It was a little bit skeptical: What should I do with that??
Because you can see where I'm, where I spend the night, what I'm doing . .
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what it means.
So, next to Keith Online and Oregon Data City, we did this . .
This is a six-participated visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and stay, go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm from Franklin in train to colony, and what often I call on the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little bit of fear . . . .
But it's not just about me . .
All of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife, and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends, and they're called between them.
And then you call each other, and the other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate with each other, which time they call each other, which hours sleep.
You can see all of this . . .
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you, who gives you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford would have known who participated in this protest, and if Stage would have known who were the leaders, this would never happen.
The Berlin War maybe never happened.
And, in fact, not the Earth's curtain.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and want to get them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction . .
But today you have to fight for the self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to their friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and that's not a fashion.
When you go home, let me tell you that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you'll ask your phone company, what information is stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones that you can remember to remember that they have to fight the self-determination in the digital era . .
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough . .
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
I call it Masmian Zava and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor I brought into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, affecting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm smart all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a mixture of Shakespeare . . . .
and Muhammad Al . . .
The pH C. is not genetic.
It's not contagious, or it cannot be confused.
No one curse the uterus of my mother and I didn't carry it because my parents were siblings, although they are.
It just happens for accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
We're going to go.
Wait from Christmas, they're in the mall, they drive in circles, and they're looking for parking, and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled . .
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and La C. is just one of them.
Now, there is a obesity of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and living in New Jersey.
If that don't feel better, they should probably do it . .
I'm from Park Challenger, in New Jersey . .
I always love my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can do [unclear]; dancing song.
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they make sure that I was too, and if we didn't get all of the top notes, we all received the shoes of my mother . .
My father taught me to walk when I was five years old, putting up my feet in his feet and just walking . . .
Another tactics that I used was to collect a dollar in front of me so that I would follow it.
The surprise I took in was very strong and ...
Yes, the first day in the kindergarten, I was walking like a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits . .
Growing up, there was only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family . . .
Now, there are 20 Arabs, and they're going to be all of the family . I think no one realized that we were not Italian . . .
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use Muslim to Muslims as a campaign slogan.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about worrying about hunger during the branch.
I told you that he had enough fat to live three months without eating, so relief from dawn to the heart is very easy.
danced in Broadmoor.
Yeah, in Broadway . . My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with touch, or I can walk with heels . . .
I'm from New Jersey, and there, we want to be a kid, so if my friends used heels, I.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the Coast Coast, I wasn't.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine all the summers, we would become a Mandela.
In the holidays of summer often, my father was trying to get me down, so I drink my deer milk, and I was putting hot boxes in the back, and I remember in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga . .
I have to say that it's very boring, but before making yoga was a store comedian, I couldn't stand up.
And now I can hold it in the head.
My parents were reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital Telescope . .
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I would go into all the buckets.
It was like the master show of theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I made all the tasks of the least intelligent, brought the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a crystal scan, my teachers would cry.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to do a piece called Bagger called a very slow dance in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy . .
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming at the four winds,``At the end, I'll have a paper!
I have brain paralysis!
At the end of free!
Thank God Almighty, the end, I'm free . ''
I didn't get the paper . You gave it to Sherlock Brown . .
I was going to be able to run to the director of the theater department, crying horizontally, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why, and she told me that they thought I couldn't do the venture stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't make the risk stunts, either can the character . ''
It was a role that he literally had been born and given to an actress without brain palsy.
College was imitating my life . . . .
Hollywood has a short story of hearing actors without disability for disabled roles . .
When I graduated, I returned home, and my first track turn was kind of extra on a cloth.
My dream was true.
And I knew it would be advanced to``behavior"to```` beautiful friend"in a tune.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I was not looking at the next one, and it was obvious for me that the shoe directors didn't hire fat actors, not white, with disability . .
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule . .
I grew up watching John Goldberg, Rosie Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedians.
So I made me smoke.
In my first day, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'd never forget the face of the first cartoon that he took when I went to the account that I was going to high speeds by the New Jersey highway with a conductive that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censorship and no veil.
Some people say that I am the first manufacturing of the Arab world.
I never like to pick up the first place, but I know you've never heard that little big buzz that says that women are not fun, and they find us very funny . .
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Western, and I launched the Festival of American comedy in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Republicans in the media, and at the same time remind them to the directors of repair that sound and Arabs are not synonymous . .
Interviewing Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010 . .
I was like to invite the news program for cable, and it was behind Keith Obamas.
I went in as if I went to a graduate dance, and I was drawn to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live!
So I turned to the prisoner's desk not to come out of the screen during the stigma, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and devastating . I knew they wouldn't get invited.
But not only the Mr. obesity, but it wasn't just that I stayed in a full time, and my chair.
It's a fun thing that I learned in direct with Keith obesity was the people on the Internet.
The kids are said to be cruel, but they're never made out of me or girls.
Suddenly, my Internet on the Internet became an object.
I see online clips with comments like,``Why do you read? ''
\" Is it slow? ''
And my favorite:``Poor market.
What disease is it?
We really should pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even that adding my disability to my rsum: Guinea, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race . .
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beck can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the...Yeah, clap, man . Come on.
We are the largest minority of the world, and the most introduced minority in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I didn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that will make less hate on the Internet . .
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well . . . .
My tourist has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floated by the division of the TV Sundays Lucy and the Crank Brander Craim . .
I came to act on a film with Adam sauce and working with my dream, the incredible Dave Gates . .
So I run the world by looking at``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was convicted at the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Mass ,"a charity for giving children refugees a bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act live, and I'll tell you this talk to his memory . .
It's going to peace.
I call Mayan Zabo, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small village south of Somalia.
This town is near Mongolia.
The drought is a little village to poverty and to the edge of India.
Without him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mubage, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunity, no job, no future.
He ended up living in a city in the city outside of Mogadishu . . .
After maybe a year, nothing . .
One day, he's about a gentleman who offers him to bring him to lunch, then dinner, breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people, who gives a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, his family.
They introduce a young man . .
He finally gets married . . . . . .
It starts a new life . .
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a car bomb . .
That little child with dreams of the great deal was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were the Shah, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So, how do the story of a child's boy, trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him in the city?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for a chance, waiting to start their future, waiting for a perspective of future, and this was the first thing that got it.
This was the first thing that comes it out of what we call``waiting period . ''
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the history of the marginalized, the young urban urban people who take distributions in Johannesburg, described riots in London, who are looking for something beyond``wait period . ''
For young people, the real dream of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but the young people don't engage in the prosperity of their cities . .
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the history of the hope period, the access door to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, will be the story of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mongolian , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school . . .
They don't do anything virtually . .
I went back to Mongolia last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital, the hospital where I was born . . . .
I remember going to that hospital offered to balance, thinking,``What if I would never have? ''
What if I was forced to be in that same``wait period? ''
Would I have become a terrorist??
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to bring up some juvenile leaders in a corporate bed.
It's about 90 Olympic leaders.
We sat, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to Mongeluno University, graduated.
There was no job, no opportunity . . .
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate, unemployed college, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
We looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different way . . . . . .
In Mogadishu, the largest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets . . .
Several years of civil war have completely destroyed the local system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
They looked at a chance and advance.
It started a motorcycle company . . .
It started by documenting the local residents who normally couldn't buy them . .
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point spreading hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this different story?
I think their ability of identity and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``hope period . ''
I face young people to be the creators of the economic opportunity that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train kids to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Muhammad, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the board of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business innovation.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in more than 22 years, and even recently, until Muhammad arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, we were from plastic plastic from the foreign.
If you asked somebody,``When was the last time you see fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of laboratories and flower design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and it started to grow the TV and linear, who said, could survive the hard climate of Mommanna . .
And he started the flow of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu . .
He wants to create a space where families, young men, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he's not growing pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged it to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be carbon.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified corporate solutions for local problems.
So inspired the young and creating a business culture is really a big step, but the young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put it into their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, they bring the support that they need to move from consciousness to creation, and to create catastrophes for urban growth.
For me, the entrepreneurial spirit is something else to start a business . . . .
It is to create a social impact . . .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transform the way people see their city . . . .
They agreed to get kids out of the street to help rent and to maintain the motors for him.
I gave you the opportunity to escape from the``wait period . ''
These entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities . .
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they synchronize and they feed their inherent innovation, and they have more stories about flowers and parts of the peace than artists and waiting period.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to my dad in the Road Mountains, an area in Northern York.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun was making the leaves glow as a glass, and not to be the path that we followed, we can almost pretend that we were the first human beings to stop that land.
We got to our camp . . .
It was a contract in a look at a beautiful crystal lake when he discovered something horrible.
Behind the road there was a garbage, about four square feet with powerful hearts balls, and some old paper balls.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused . . .
The campaigns that were too lazy to get out what they had brought, who thought I was going to clean their trash?
That question kept on with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how they organize or where you put the``our"-- who cleans our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York City, the Department of Health clean our trash, which is because of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know it as individuals . .
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that load??
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interest.
I needed to get more.
So I began to work as a garbage.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks . I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical trials and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about the smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevailing as you believe, and in the days when it's very strong, you get used quickly . . .
It costs a lot to get to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies are still adjusted to the weight of carrying on their body tons of trash every week . .
It's also danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and they go around.
You just want to be paid, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall from the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of garbage.
When you get out of the moon and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming . .
It's also as a form of breath or circulation . . . .
It must always be in motion.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic, because I think waste collection is the most important workforce in the streets in the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health projects.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the efficiently and effective way every day, this starts to melt from their containers and their inherent dangers threatened us in very real ways . .
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries are coming back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we have no space for what the engines of the economy start failing when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only its relationship . .
And then it's what I call our everyday speed of everyday daily.
And I'm just talking about the speed of the speed that we used to move on in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair, we clean or we take with us, our coffee cup, our bag of the shirts, our water bottle.
We used them, we put them out, we forget about them, because we know there's a working force on the other side that will come from it.
So today, I want to give you a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city . .
Her work, I think, is almost literal.
They're on the street every day, a rhythmic way . .
They use a universe in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form form.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow has always to keep in a way or another.
On one day after September 11 , 2001, I heard the graph of a waste collection truck in the street, grabbed my little son and I went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled of paper as I did it all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank her to do his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at it and I just nodded, and he said,``Let's be fine.
Let's be okay . ''
Shortly after that, I started investigating the collection of waste and went back to that man.
It's called``Appland ,"we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine . . . . .
But in our efforts to recognize the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have to count all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
Mosquito waste, which we think about when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic . . . . .
So in the flow of your day and their lives, the next you see someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on thinking about our community life by being part of the environment where architecture naturally is born from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also shared the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa . .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy, because the crime with crystals generates heat on the inside, so it's necessary.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, you have nothing to do with Africa, not with Ethiopia.
It's a pill trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
On our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really engaged with the ancient market, which is this structure of free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several floors, by applying these principles.
The next challenge presented to the site, which is located in an area of a lot of the city growth, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in a hundred meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, including all the entries of the building.
And this is spreading with an awkward atrium that creates a space to the open air in the building that will be authorized by its own shape, the sun and rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes each floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I went to think about a similar tissue to a shark shell, and it's going to allow the air into the air, and also in a light way.
Then we're inspired in these beautiful buttons of the emails.
They have fractal geometry properties, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these small pretty little pieces that are the windows that let up the air and light in a way that's controlled inside of the building.
This is completely completed with these little colored crystals that use the light of the interior in the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It wasn't what we ask . ''
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary.
So we got some savings in the budget that we used to implement the project.
The first was to think about how to achieve energy abuse for the building in a city where electricity takes almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photographers on the roof . . .
And then under those panels, we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these passwords on the roof, which in a sense collect water for the interior.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a teacher of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to do a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in media, a 1,000 year-old structure of intimacy that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the street streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation be for an apartment in the middle climate??
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme to make sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city . .
It has these blocks with legs, and then on the bottom, we have all the connections for the pedestrians . .
And it also responds to local norms that set up a greater density on top levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like giving the community busy by building space.
It's where all of the neighbors, they can climb and socialize, and do such as running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from a building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and economies to the same pace that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important looking at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that enhance the relationship between the community and the environment, and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much . .
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class . It was as remarkable as all of new girls.
I had large amounts of hair very bright, and a little bit of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the states of the states, very good for art.
I ended up that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my prison.
One day I stayed after the school of the school, and I was a little late and I hid on the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked in the classroom, I took the table of my teacher, the accountability book.
And then, I did.
Attribute the ratings of my rival, just a little, just some of them.
All of them like that, and I'm going to give back the book, but, to see, some of my other partners had very good grades too.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them all from D and myself a row of that, just to be there, because I could ...
I still wonder what I did . .
I don't understand how the idea came up . .
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me . . . .
It was all that it was absolutely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But mostly, I get rid of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for art.
I was intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so permission.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that cells are the number one cause of clouds in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab where the cells are studied in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, I would have a literature . .
There would be no Helen the hell, there would be``Odyssey . ''
There would be no jealous king, not``The 1,000 and one night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare . . .
They disappear the reading list of high school, because we'd be losing``The Noise and the Forum ,"there would be no``Gateshape"and``Face ,"and we'll lose``Mathematta Boyologhe"and``Anna K . ''
No cells, there's no progress . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the jealousy, almost you have them all.
This year , 100 years of its masterpiece,``In search for lost time ,"the most comprehensive study of sexual cells and also of ordinary complexity, all we might have, and thinking about Prometheus, we have the sentimental details, right?
We thought about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a marketing magic in the washing . .
We forget how hard that image is . .
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolf said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know what the cat of cat is, but we assume it's super-digit.
Let's see why they go so well, the novel and the cells, the jealousy and Proteir.
Is it going to be very obvious like the cells, who reduce the person, their wish, their demonstrations, are they a very solid narrative?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story . .
A story about other people's life, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad . .
By being a storyteller and the audience, we know exactly how much detail to include, to square the knife, right?
The cells make us all available novelists, and that's something that I proposed understood.
All she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story, and since then, I Proust says that every fresh fit that Swenson detects in her lover, adds it into his collection of torture instruments in his private camera . . .
You have to admit that Steven and Prometheus, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Proust novels had to drop the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job . Right?
The cells are exhausting . . . .
It's a hungry emotion . .
And how are the cells?
The jealousy nurtured from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small store of pencil . .
The skies came from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . I proposed the language of language with the language of the cells.
When Steven is on his cell angle, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribe the services of his lover, then they defend those behaviors . .
He says,``Look, I know that you think this is disgusting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . . ''
It's trying to show that the cells look interesting and they make us seem like absurd, but in their core, they're a search of knowledge, search of truth, a real pain . In fact, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: these were the tracks toward the Protestant.
He says,``A woman who we need, which makes us suffer, causes us a range of feelings, a lot deeper and vital, than a wise man that can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No ., I think it's trying to say that cells will reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals us our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Is some another emotion that teaches us to look at with such peculiar intensity?
Freud will write about this later . . .
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who's consumed with the idea that her woman was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something strange about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause . .
But he looked for things that did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Do you smile too much? Or does it accidentally marry with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the quality of his wife's unconscious.
The novels are very good at this . .
The novels describe very well how cells make us look with intensity, but no precision.
In fact, the more intensely elastic we are, the more we become insulin-resistant.
And by this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal acts.
The cells are driven to behave completely unimaginable.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman in 50 years of age was captured by having created a fake false account from which he was sending, awful, awful messages for a year.
For one year, a year . .
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of her boyfriend . I have to trust that when or this, they react with admiration.
Because we're realistic.
What enormous, although unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's like a novel.
As a novel of Patricia Hotels.
Shami is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature . . . . .
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The talented Mr. Zippin ,"books that are about how the jealousy, they confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be punch in an instant . . .
We take Tom Rupper, his most famous character.
Tom Rollywood goes from wanting or wanting what you're going to get out of you, and to push out what you've ever got, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it reaches your rings, you cow your bank accounts . .
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom recreational route.
I can't give you the world, as much as sometimes it.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where is the currency? Right??
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not safe, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to the 212 Baker Street, and we ask by Sherlock Holmes.
When people think about Hollywood, think about the delivery of the Mars Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always missed [unclear], the chief face of Scott Darwin, who needs Hollywood desperately, needs the genius of Hollywood, but he's annoyed . . .
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Derek needs his help, but the resident, and boring with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Six Dawkins March ,"once Dutch into all his solution, Letty goes back to Dutch and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Dutch.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Howard that I wouldn't want to shake your hand . . .
It's one of the times we see links in history, and it seems to me very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat cells like a geometry problem without emotion.
You know, at a Lincoln minute is on the opposite side of Venezuela.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Letty is allowed to admire that idea of being a feeling.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is actually a matter of geometry, just a question of where we are in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to feel about the excellence of the other.
We can leave with it.
But I like the plants of contingency . . .
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for comfort.
It's just the disconnect of the celebrates.
The fiction used to be the computer, invites them to the table.
And look at what I clustered: the sweet Antarctica, the terrified Tom Ripper, the Miss Sweeney, the same Marco Prozac.
We're in excellent company . . . .
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo cord of the Apollo 11 and disappeared on the Pacific Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but his presence in the grey surface was the culmination of a constant collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobility in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work at about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1 crew . .
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon . .
Now, a dozen a surface of the surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why were it?
They didn't bring a lot back : 128 pounds of old rocks, and something that was 24 to emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were it? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why will we turn it into our goal?
And they might also ask, why would the highest mountain scale?
Thirty years ago, why do I fly about the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We choose to go to the moon . .
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard . . . .
Jason Pun: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War . .
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder about the transcendence of the power of technology . .
It was because it was a great thing to be able to do.
The landing in the Moon happens in a context of a long list of technological drugs . .
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the policies were eradicated and removed the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be able to do what Alvin Torole in 1970 called``academic force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we can't go faster than a horse, or a ship with a candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 pack , 10 miles.
Since 1970, no human being has come to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the celebratory optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by the power of technology that we can imagine as going to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population there seem to be interesting results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the stage tube by the Saturn Rat.
I knew quickly that this would be the last mountain mission, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that said,``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place . .
We heard it all time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists have distracted us and they'd been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing bad at most of these things . .
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a distributing explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you've created less ambitious companies than those of the years where Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene . .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs . . .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment triggered the creation of transformative ideas by finance of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the venture capitalists were in their left spot without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, similar investments of those who could come out in 10 years.
The CIA has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as an energy, that they need a huge capital and development is in the long term . They have never invested in development of technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan . .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because the political systems failed.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and brook, less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic . .
The coal and the natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than biodiversity.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now the technologists, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree on what policies and international treaties would increase the development of an alternative energy: mostly a significant increase in the research and development of energy, and some kind of control of coal price . . .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technology, it turns out not being.
We know for the time that famines are a result of failure in the food repair.
But 30 years of research has taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food's distribution.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for storage and repair food, but there will be famine while there were bad governments . . .
And finally, big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon would tell cancer war in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to be found effective and viable treatments.
Difficult problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population will want to solve the problem; institutions should support the solution; it must actually be a technological problem, and we should understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a surprised model in the future . .
We're not in 1961 . .
There's not a gay competition like the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy, which is a harmful of John Kennedy, and the dangerous thing, and there's not a popular mythology of science, like to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be easy.
I was just three days.
And I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get . . . . .
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start cutting them down by the generalized ideas that you have about trust . .
They're so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think it's three . . .
The first is a chart: there's been a huge decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think it's going to do it, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First the link: why do people think trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that it may have diminished in some activities or institutions, and that it could have risen in others.
I don't have it clear . . . .
But I can turn to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were going down 20 years ago, primarily journalists and politicians, keep inspired by the same disaster.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses . .
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost about half the way . . .
But is this evidence enough evidence?
What the opinion surveys is, of course, are opinions.
What else can you register??
What you're looking at is generic attitudes that people participate when they are asked by certain questions.
Does trust trust?
Now, if someone asked you,``Do you trust them?
Conferences in fishermen?
Are you trust in the primary teachers? ''
You'd probably start to ask,``To make what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust some, but in others not . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently . .
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniforms in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary piece of primary that I know to give the lesson class, but in no way to drive the school microscope . .
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver . .
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret . .
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our daily lives of the way that trust is differentiated, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust more abstract?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they're trying to open good judgment to the fact that we trust something or someone.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust . .
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue . . .
I would argue to have more confidence in what it is deserve, but not what it is not . .
Ultimately, I'm a participant to not trust what's not reliable.
And I think that those people who were spreading their savings with the very completely named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life . .
It's confident, or blind with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, he says, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters first is not trust, but the trustworthiness.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest??
And if you find that one person is competent in the perfect materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be trust.
But if, on the contrary, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them . .
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I didn't trust them to take a letter to the email, because they're forgotten . .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see their own components.
And I'm glad to say I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely mess.
If it is, I still haven't stuck.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before you trust . . .
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, functional and so on, which made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the phantom that's going to get the game in . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness and the reliability tests, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is I'm going to do the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, by requiring that``bus the lanes ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things are going to be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will get to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are trust.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what's not done properly.
Third, the task . . .
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves . . .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do that if you're two people, together, try to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, is distinctive because it's a different other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you . .
You have to give them enough, so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't fight, usually, all people, all the time.
But you also have to have some fantastic evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, ordinary people, officials, institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them without giving explanations.
I take them back and get me back into the money, or you change me for the color that I want.
That's cool . I trust them, because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that . .
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing out is not a very difficult thing to address.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when, and how the other person is trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been forcing us to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen where imagination can be destroyed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started to imagine what it would be.
So, I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so when the strong lamb against the screen, it transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can monitor their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen . .
So, with this tool, you break the barriers.
But the two hands stay out of the screen . .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the applied Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor fell California, the computer redesign and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent visit with deep cameras to detect the fingers and face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with the hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, they're using them as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can lose the book and restore lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's down of every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and return through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is an online test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device lying in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them??
What would a future look like like this?
At the Media Lab of MIT with my tutor Ishii and my collaborator Redwood Post, we created this single physical pixel.
This chemical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as much as users can move the object somewhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So by whistling, what we did was finished gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And by programming the object digitally, we release it from time constraints and space, which means human movements can be recorded and back and left forever in the physical world.
You can show physically and distance, and the famous thing from Michael Jordan can be reproduce as a physical reality the times we wanted.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and, unlike the monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show you something but start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without having to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that is left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in humor, China in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses.
But my mother, he said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them . .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they created strongly that there was only a path to happiness: a safe work, and a safe job.
No matter if the job would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano . . .
A singer singer must begin to train them from very young to learn the partnerships, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of school and the manager of a radio program.
But no adults would save the idea.
No adults took me seriously . . . . .
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done . . .
feared, that for the rest of my life, a second class is the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair . . .
So I solved to look for another vocation.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Right . .
I go to the books.
[" The Jobs"of Samuel --``History of National Hunt") I got to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here??
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about the Chinese compassionate life . .
And it's not propaganda . It's understood . .
The Bible is interesting, but it's weird.
That's a theme for another day . . . . .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Holders your father and your mother . . ''
\" Honey ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this color trap, and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my carbon reading habit.
It's a lot of perspectives . .
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me out of place, because this is what the students in China learn.
I've ever occurred that, China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people . .
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world . .
There are research camps such as comparison and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can be about people [Benjamin Franklin"from David Island, who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, temptation are economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting . . .
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages . .
[" The Chentra Theater Path .] Thomas Mead] [`` The Man's Day"-- instead of getting me in translation, I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, through the translation that I realized,``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother ."Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to be feeling alone or powerless.
Having a destructive sleep is really not compared to what many others have suffered . .
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream . .
Their most important purpose is to connect us with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
You can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychologist client.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley . .
She was an 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a top of a hole, and he laughed at the couch of my office, took off the shoes and said I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had an airplane as a first client.
And I got a summer that I wanted to talk about men . .
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we came out of the solution . . .
\" The printers are the new 20s ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she had reason.
You start working later, she's home after, you have kids later, to death after.
For the standards like Alex and I was a time on top.
But soon later, my supervisor was ready to borrow Alex that I would talk about his love life.
I resist.
I said,``Sure, it's coming up with guys under your category, he fits a headache, but it's not like it's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Not yet, but maybe it's married with the next one.
In addition, the best time to work in the Alex marriage is before it married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20 . .
Yeah, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex be a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex, the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life, but for the careers, the families and the future futures all over.
There are 50 million people in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adulthood without the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s . .
I want to see the windows here.
Oh yeah! They're incredible . .
If you work with layers, you love a wind, you remove a window, you want to see . It's fine .: incredible, the real ones matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will pass at 35.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments, that shape his life will have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think . . .
We know that the first 10 years of a race has an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live, or they're coming out with their partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and last growth stage in its 20s and become a reminder for adulthood, meaning that if there is something that you want to change yourself, now it's the moment to change it . . .
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes to it at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their choices . .
When we think about development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily life and common has an impact on the person that would become . .
But what we don't hear with often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development . .
But this is not what the verbs are hearing . .
The newspapers talk about changes in the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists are putting ridiculous names to the windows like``cults"and``children . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a therapy that's actually the decade that defines the adult.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to get great things, you need a plan and not enough time . . .
Isn't it true?
What do you think that happens when you pat a fan in your head and say,``You have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and nothing happens absolutely anything.
And then every single day, intelligent, smart, interesting ones like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like that,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that while you start a career before 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this:``My 20 are for finishing, and I have nothing to show.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the game of chairs.
They're all running and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music turned off, and they all started sitting . . .
I didn't want to be the only one who was standing stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . . . ''
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't mistake, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things in the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the top, and so much of starting a race, to choose a city, to choose a piece, and you'll have two or three children in a very short period of time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The crisis middle crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the race you want now.
You realize you can't have the child you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of snakes, and they look at yourself, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the veterans are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma . . . .
At 25, Emma came to my office because it was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said that he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a waiter.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though we lived about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even more difficult . .
She was often crying on our sessions, but then she was wearing her,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day, he got her head on his legs and cried for almost every hour . . .
He had just bought a new bookstore for director, and he had spent the whole morning filling it with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that goes after the words,``In case of emergency, please call...''
He was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to care to me if it gives me cancer? ''
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried . . .
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I was working with Alex as well as to sit up as the decade's decade of Emma was happening.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of them, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I said to Emma to forget about that crisis of identity and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that's worth value to his person.
You do something that's an investment in what you want to be later . .
I didn't know the future of Emma, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that company, that company that you want to test.
I'm not slowing up the spinal exploration, I'm finding the exploration that I should not tell, that, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's processing.
I said to Emma to explore jobs, and I made it count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surviving.
The best friends are great to get the airport to the airport, but the windows that come together with friends with similar minds are limited to who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out of almost always came from outside of their closest circle . .
The new things come from what are called beautiful friends of friends of their friends.
Yeah, half of the windows have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half is not, and the weak ties are the way that we can to fix this group.
The half of the work that you've created is never published, then meeting the boss of your neighbor is the way they're not published.
It's not cheating . . It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not less important, Emma thinks that you do not choose your family, but you know your friends . .
This was true when I was growing up, but as an appropriate, Emma soon will choose his family, when he's got a partner and shape his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better at feeling head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But I'm going to choose the person that you're living with now or you get stuck now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress . . .
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who, and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever will pick you up.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a prime that I worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
This work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special events in museums.
This married man with a man who chose consciously.
He loves her new career, loves his new family, and I sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency touch spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with.
It's very easy to help them . .
The veterinarians are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, who come out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, even to 29, a good conversation, a good break, a TED Talk can have huge effects in the following years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the windows you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I have the privilege now to tell them to the standards, like Emma every day: The terms are not the new 20, you get their addiction, you get identity capital, you use their weak links, they pick up your family . .
They're not left by what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today . . . .
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I quit a very picky job in management consultant for a work that was even more picky: the science . . .
I went to show you mathematics at seventh grade students in New York public schools.
And like any teacher, I applied exams and testing . .
I give them tasks . .
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What struck me the attention was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance, they didn't have I.Q.
Some of my smartest children was not going so well . . .
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in math in secret, secure, they're hard: propositions, decisions, the area of a marketing area.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough.
After several years of society, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in better way.
It's the CIA, but what if you succeed in school and in life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn in rapid and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist . .
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We try to predict how many of you are going to stay in the military training and who will be rejected.
We went to the National State of Delaware, and we tried to predict what children will move the most far possible in the competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and the people who will be the most effective of the learning of learning of their students?
We partner with private companies, asking, what of these sellers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all these very different contexts, a trait came up as an important prediction of success . . .
And it wasn't the social intelligence . .
It wasn't good enough, the physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was the determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to raise very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance . .
The determination is to cling into their future, day after day, not just a week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my details, and then wait around over a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly more likely to graduate odds, even when I switched them into every configuration I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized evidence, even the safety that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or in the National Council of Drugs in which it matters the determination, especially for children at risk of leaving.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little bit of science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical choice of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know what I do know is that talent doesn't give them.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related to it, or it's even related to talent media.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing democracy in kids is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Donald has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to lose when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more . . .
And that's where my speech ended, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger interactions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to fail, to start all again with the lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more delicate . .
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing me beauty, shape and figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems to be as unthinkable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break up this wall, so that whatever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it . . .
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful . . .
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw every one of the traces of each face in the right sequence . .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way . .
A Chinese academic will get 20,000 characters . .
You just need a thousand to understand the basic literacy . .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature, enough to read from traffic, menus of restaurants, understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible to be square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the form of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if it was screaming in a French way,``Australia! I'm burning me!"This symbol is actually the original of the flames, but I like to believe it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
Tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The Sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of a banana door in the west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more features.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . . . ''
As the old adage says, two is company, three are a crowd.
If a person would be in your arms, this person is saying,``I was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught . .
It's a prisoner, like Jon inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . . Two trees together, we have a forest . .
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations . .
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an``idiot". Easy to remember, because a silver tree is quite idealistic.
Remember the fire?
Two fingers together, it gets very hot.
Three figures together, that's a lot of flames . .
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burn.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, thriving . . .
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after a day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . . .
A door . Put a board inside the door, is the heart of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Was there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing, evaporating . . . .
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, have careful care.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 . . .
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that learns an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters, we started to create sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains stacked one on the other . .
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employers were missing their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells them where to come out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind me I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four, we saw the Oz magician together.
The movie dominated its imagination for months . .
His favorite character was Gilban, of course . .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We're now living and raised our children in a kind of a kind of community of childhood spectaculars.
However, Oz's magician was an event in itself . . .
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took it for the last few years later with, curiously, another movie which protections, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed like enemy cream.
You know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz.
The monkeys are quite aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the Wizard's magician did today, the magician would say,``Listen, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army.
But that's not what happens.
The other unique thing in the Oz is that the most heroic, wiser characters and even movies are women.
I started to test this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different . . .
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down ., and so he stood up in the room, and he was impressed as a mom with her legs behind her, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but, indeed, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what I would love.
Would you be issues of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the sense that Luke joined an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this to the IMF magician.
How do Dorothy win his film??
By doing good minutes with all and being a leadership . . .
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to make, OK, and not a world of men fighting, which is where we are.
Why is there so much food capital force, force in the movies for our kids, and so little about the yellow brick?
There's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus . .
Now, I know for experience that the Princess Leg doesn't provide the right framework that I've served to navigate the world of adults who's blended . I think that at the moment of the kiss, I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right??
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend . . . .
Why are they standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on deprivating the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a kid, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend the Princess's princess before any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, they're not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them . . . .
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely, like Hermon and Katesh, but they don't stop being a war movie.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, each of them on the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who provide a girl.
Until a lot of you are thinking, this year, I finally went out.
I recommend all of you . It's available in shops.
Do you remember what the criticism said when brave came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess . . .
It's very good . You don't leave that.
Well, almost none of these movies goes through the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard this.
It hasn't even picked up roots, and it's spread, but maybe we'll start a movement . .
Alan Beck is a cartoon drawing, and in the middle '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that should be asked: In the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something beyond the kid they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It's going on . I've seen it, and yet, I've seen it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Archie.
Right?, Osmoch rumors, touch success, an idea of consensus, which is a Hollywood movie.
Virtually, it doesn't happen by Beijing test.
And I don't think it's going, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film, it's in a embassy where men and women hide over the crisis crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Come on the bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them believe that they have female protagonists?
It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this one that's going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
Here's what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for kids have something to do with that.
Nor, I don't think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked, but something bad, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there's a lot of sexual swarms.
Who are those guys? What are you learning?
What don't you get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that you say, the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence, and then you get the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we using that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as we're going to force it, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask,``I have to be able to protect PowerPoint will protect whether, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power? ''
I mean, I think Netflix's list is a way of doing something really important, and here I mean most of the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role that I care about from the home and the wage.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of Star Wars, you know what he responded?
Obvania.
Obvanio Cohen and Gilband . .
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress . .
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential.
They are leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son . .
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is telling my son: I see and fight just and more stories where you see his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the Coach magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most of all was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They are covered and hard to see.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love of past and Archie.
And finally when I began studying Egypt, I realized that seeing with my own eyes was not enough.
Because, soon, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up with one of a thousand miles of length to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin . . .
And the place, in simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we try it up using false color, suddenly the place looks like a bright rose . .
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians . .
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city called Itamai, lost for thousands of years.
immortality was the capital of the old Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Media Empire about 4,000 years ago . .
The place is located in the pavement, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this big renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the two kings of the two kings that built them, indicate within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plan of deluge . .
This area is enormous, it's about 6.5 per 400 miles.
Before, the Nile flow right next to Ethiopia's side, and as it changed over time, it's moved into this and it covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find the chance would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with your eyes and using baseball gloves.
So we used NASA JPL data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile's flowing.
But you can see more dramatically, and it's even more interesting, this beautiful area that you see within the circle here, that we think it could be the location of method.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing show work; you can see it here . .
When I say show, it's like the shots of the ice, but instead of layer of climate change, we look at human occupation sheets.
The five meters down, under a thick layer of mud, we found a dense layer of carbon objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five feet down, we have a layer of a number of hundreds of years that matter from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Israeli.
We also find jobs of debt -- coral, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think of the most common stones used in the middle of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a left jewelry that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Site here, but we will go back into place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in IDEO 400 years ago.
To share knowledge is the greatest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
To make the ideas happen really started in 1984 B.C.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes . . . .
Imagine standing out in front of the home door.
I wanted you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that he's done.
Now let's visualize a group of obese numbers in bikes.
They're competing in a rounded bike race, and they're going to address their entry door . .
I need you to see this really.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they go out a lot.
And they collide in front of his house.
There are bicycles flying around, wheels that go to their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
The restaurant, the hallway, or what there is to the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light, and the light is shining about the Monale Museum.
It's holding them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
They can feel their blue skin by making them collective in the nose . .
They can smell the gun cookie, and you can get it on the mouth.
You go through a side and you train your living room . .
It's in the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing,``Hey, I was Bombay One More . ''
Now let me go to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick, and from the oven they come to you Dorothy, the Dall of Dalka, the Paper and the Len of``The Oz of Oz ,"which is thrown out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar partner that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Committee.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, this was like the end of a wisdom of wisdom.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers . .
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
Compare to see who I could memorize with more rap, the order of a deck bar.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when do you realize that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained us to do these miracles of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that were using Carnegie to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . . . How did you have heard of this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who's a wonderful, bright English, although a little exciting, said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why??
\" Because I'd like to show Britney Spears how to memorize order in a living bar, in national television.
That would prove the world that anyone can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
So, you have to start for something right? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me . .
I ended up spending most of the next year, not just training my memory, but also research, trying to figure out how it works, why sometimes doesn't work and what it can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named Eden.
He's a disorder, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
Her memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome . .
Somebody incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows us to see what our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pete . -- he was based on the paper of Dusty Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone books, and it was contrast.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about written memory, a little over 2,000 years ago, in the antibiotics and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained, disciplined and grown memory was not just as rare as it might seem today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but we have also changed us . .
They have changed us culturally, and I would say they have changed us too.
As we almost don't have any need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where we still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined, cultured memory is this single competition of memory.
It's actually not so unique; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from University College in London invited a group of memory camps, to the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or wirelessly different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they just more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a battery of cognitive test, and the answer was actually not.
And yet, a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of the memory champions and the control subjects that they bought them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snowflake, found that in the chambers of memory, they were lighting parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used, or they looked like a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tone of competitive memory is made as a armed career where every year has a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put.
This is my Ben Prize friend, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there's 36 darkness bars that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and he only mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 random binary digits.
In half hours . Yeah.
And while there's a large number of ways to remember things in these components, absolutely all the techniques that are used by the end is actually reduced to a single concept that psychologists call``elephant computing . ''
He illustrated with a paradox known as the``balance"paradox . '
That's his joy . . .
And then I'm going to,``Remember that there's a banana . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that his name is Babylon is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his job is``ballet . ''
Same word, different memory capacity; that's weird . . . . .
What happens here?
Well, the name of Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that they dance for their head.
But the word``baseball"-- we know paradises.
They use symbols white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they go back to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we went through that word for the first time, we started putting social engineers for fishing fishermen at some time later . . .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the``memory palace . ''
The story is like this: there was a poet called Simons who attended a basketball . . .
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you don't get to a DJ, you hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he laughed, and so soon it was, the basketball room was collapsed.
You kill them all.
But I don't just kill them all, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them credit . .
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simulators, standing outside, only surviving, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes, and realized that with your eyes of his mind, I could see where he was sitting in every guest . .
I took the family of the hand by taking them where they were their loved ones between the rubble . . .
So what Nicholas made at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it's that it doesn't matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and an exceptional space.
If I asked you to give me the first 10 words of history that I just told you from Simons, it's very likely to do that.
But I'm going to bet that if you asked you to say who was sitting on the horse park in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it . . . .
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to get it to population with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, crazy, strange, strange, spectacular image is the image, more unlikely to be . .
This is a advice that came from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treated, in Latin . . .
And how does it work?
So let's say that you've been invited on the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it memory, in the same way that they would have done it if you were invited to TEDTalk 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine that they're on the door of your house.
And I'll come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely island competition.
And then you can imagine getting into your house, and looking at the Montana Mouth Museum on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you they want to introduce their friend Ed Cooper.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth thing that they talked about would be that strange journey that made for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word per word, who will confuse them, but, typical, typical.
In fact the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek, which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people were thinking about the machine and the rhetoric with these kind of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"would be like the first place in its memory.
I found that this was just fascinating, and I was filled with it.
And I went to some of these memory competence, and I had the idea of writing something exotic about this competitive memory auction . .
But there was a problem . .
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
In serious, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting sitting taking tests -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something . . . .
I know there are incredible things going on in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and get me in his place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit in the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school student bought in a flea market.
And I discovered this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'll never have expected it.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory . . .
What's actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, provoke, insulin, absurd and except, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty hooked with this . .
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of orbits and a few security gas glasses, leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be a good gear for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment comes out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers and shopping lists, but it's actually not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works . . .
And you don't need to be built in memory or memorize cards to benefit with a little bit of peace about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if they were going to be treated with an innate gift, but it's not the case . .
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
Let's remember when we're deeply focused.
The levers of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, it's not even real shortcuts.
It works because they make us work.
They are forming a kind of profound processing, a kind of complete attention that most don't go on.
But the reality is there's no shortcuts.
So that's how things are done.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what E.T, the toilet I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our short existence by losing us in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who's walking on our side . We will be so hyper-thinking that we're not even bothered to process deep??
I learned in the first hand that there are incredible capacity capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person that you remember to remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll get a complex place: New Jersey.
Because it's 30 years ago, I'm from 9 Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents in a village called Lindberghon, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there everybody spent the time looking at the telly, and so every time I went from my bathroom to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I was told and I turned into a towel, I all look at me . . .
And I was like this . . .
It was torn, insecure and hated.
I hate that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house . . . .
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or zones divide, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's no wonder that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof . .
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you're going to do:``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it for based on a building building 2,500 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a coincidence that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums . . .
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid stores, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build . urbanization and governments, always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use shapes that know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the June Public Library that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome, it has this round, columns, red brick, which let you see what Linsaris tries to communicate with this building: the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it was another library, which looks like this . .
It's in Seattle . .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to gather, read and share.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both communicated libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum . .
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms.
Let's move, let's move and push so much, that we get completely from people.
All of them black, this depressed us . -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option . . .
We have to go on the other side, and you'll connect with those appreciate symbols . .
And so we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like transparent, so we started experimenting again; we're scaring the back to the back, again and again, we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we went out from the '70s . . .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called``Brotherhood . ''
It's about the ant.
You can guess it.
Small windows, in supportive scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the 1980s, and we start to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that they like and we update them.
We added it and we add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We took Chicago branches and turned them into skyscrapers, which can be media made of glass.
The shapes were expanding, they won in audacity and colorful.
The days became columns.
The kids grew up to the size of the buildings.
A madness . . . .
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spend the moment in commercial centers, we moved into neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fans could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
It's probably a feet of bread sticks.
This is what's happening with modernism.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know so well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated, and we start making the pill again in the other direction.
In the early '80s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the constrained constraint.
We downloaded the historical symbols; now we have new computer design techniques, and we're with new compositions -- some ways that stars against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassing, and it's super helpless; you have totally excluded . . .
Normally, the security pendulum of new in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is opened.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry . .
This building fundamentally changed the world's relationship with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, were completely agreed about a building . . . . .
The New York Times radical this miracle of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by a quarter percent when the building ended.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Sepana.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere . . .
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become incompatible around the world?
And it happened, because the media was slumpy around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the same mayor of the world.
So they all believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium happened with other architects stars . .
I went to Zaire and Libya, and what happened with these few elite architects on the new millennium threshold, actually began to go through all architecture . Digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they eat architecture.
1,000 years ago, I would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation goes up: they can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The speed technology . You can see it in the newspapers, on the telly, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
The architecture is everywhere -- that means that the speed of communication has finally reached architecture speed.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not very much time to think about a building.
It's needed a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know whether the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we got with buildings like this.
The creations was not a 21st-century movement, but from 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were.
That will never happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture since the invention of the ant, the steel or the elevator, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the pinnacle to the media, it starts getting faster and faster, until you get to be in the very extremes, almost the difference between innovation and symbols, between us, architects, and you, the public . . .
We can now make symbols almost instant, with emotional charge, completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended recently . . .
We were hired to replace this building that came up . .
This is the center of a village called Pinks in Air Island in the state of New York.
It's a computation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was a part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there were no surprises . . .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to count your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes contradictions with collective memory, and in charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Libbles.
If that building is built today, we'd first go to the Internet in search of``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with experimentation, innovation, what can be a library.
That's ammunition.
Municipants that can take the mayor of Lindbergh, the people of Linson, and tell you that there is no unique response to what a library can be today . .
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing . .
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use freezing words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer an unfortunate audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before . .
Architects can listen, and you're not allowed to be inspired by architecture . .
That means that the hostile pendulum of one style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant . . . .
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to buildings of today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
And this means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical mimic of red bricks in ideas of what it must be a stadium.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are attached to the whims of nature and not otherwise.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga, or even you can get married in the night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East Rift in New York, and raising half a million dollars of the community that's used around that cause is no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little red pavilion, as Muslim and fibrous as the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we built.
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological, more intelligent and cheaper.
We've been waiting for all of you . ''
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, closing it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings do not just reflect our society, but they shape them to the smallest spaces: local libraries, households where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much . . .
This is my niece, Stephen.
He just had a year, and he started walking.
And he does it in that great way, typical of the children of a year, shaking, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs . .
It's totally precious . .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves his reflection . .
She laughed and squeaks, and it gives themselves those big and wet kisses . .
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mother tells me I used to do it, and he made me think,``When do I do this??
How is it that we suddenly don't like with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Paris, he's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be dear and fit . .
It's Sunday at night . . .
It's preparing for the next week in school . .
It's a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused, because, even though his mom tells her all the car that is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells you it's ugly.
And what his mom says to him and what his friends, or school colleagues say, don't know who believe.
So it makes a video of it, I posted it on YouTube, and he asks others who, please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, until now, Ghana has received more than 13,000 comments . .
Some of these are so unpleasant, that I don't even deserve to think about them . .
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, in most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking them to do this??
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone . .
They're under pressure from being online and available all the time, speaking, chat, giving,``I like ,"by eating, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before, continuously, so young, so young.
Like a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in his room every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go in with that are implications.
This environment, of being always connected, is bringing our children to self-assembly, based on the number of``I like"they have and the kinds of comments that you get.
There's no division between a online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is not.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is distinguished digitally . .
What is the most heartbreaking of someone in front of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are thrown from the news of girls now.
zero-sum models continue to dominate our corridors.
The teacher's technique is now a routine . .
And trends like:``Tiny ,"`` Thaim ,"`` Chinese ,"Biolay, and it works.
For those of you who are aware of it, it works means training.
These trends are made from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people are compared.
But the kids are either about this.
It's like those of the superheroes of sports, and the shark singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy, individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed with the image, we're teaching our kids to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and others start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for growth as human beings, and as a taxpayer to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in classrooms . They avoid participating in classrooms, because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending class at all over the days when they don't feel comfortable.
And in the tests of tests, if you don't think you see you, well, specifically if you don't believe that you're sufficiently thin, you'll get a lower note to the average of your fellow partners who don't worry about that appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's given irrespective to what these young people actually weigh.
So, to be clear, we're talking about what you see, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem of their body is deteriorating academic performance.
And it's also causing health.
The teenagers with an automatic self-esteem, they're getting less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diets than you can take them to a food disorder . .
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people that surround them and they are in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's why they make more bold decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual ages to early ages and without protection and damage.
The search for the perfect body is introducing the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year . . .
And we're not controlling it . . .
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have or have no higher rates of anxiety.
17 percent of women are not present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see . .
Think of a moment in what this is doing to our economy . .
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Living this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that??
Well, speaking, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is we need to trust trust in its own body . .
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem . .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is most of these won't work.
I became very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing, started the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that followed our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships . .
These six aspects are crucial parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but we're going to confront this problem from each of us who take the dreams on the issue and be a better model for women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to deal with the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to insist that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start by doing this by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was it the last time that you did?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children will grow up with their whole person, value the individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal . . .
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them happen in the big screen, because we just create a different world.
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they can never be able to be who they are, or achieving what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives . .
Who's got in mind?
Your wife?
The sister?
Your daughter?
On his niece? Her friend?
It could be just the woman who is two seats of distance . What would it mean for it if it was released from that authoritarian voice inside, which is in front of you, not having long legs, a little more delicate, a more flat, feet smaller?
What would it mean for her if if we knew this, and we're going to say,``Is it going to happen to its potential that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is telling us all.
But let's look at our children the truth.
Let's show you the way you look at it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for people who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We're going to change each one of us, the way we talk and we compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little appropriates of an age of today, become agents of safe change of themselves.
So let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Lakota New York walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Memot Kazara, the leader of the Legal Development League.
Now, I would initially declare it innocent, but I'm predicted by other charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels and synagogues and the U.S. headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't stop.
Later, he would be convicted by his participation in that room.
Elice Nascard is my father . .
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an amazing American woman, primary school teacher .: between the two, they made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood . .
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims, come to meet . . .
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there's always a small fraction of people who are so extremely sick to their convictions that you think you have to use all of the possible media for everybody to live like.
And so a few months earlier from the arrest, he sat with me and explained that over the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going on in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go to the next day.
We get to the Guild shooting pole that, without knowing our group, I was involved by the FBI.
When I was touched by throwing, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to look at the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that shot I gave to the little orange light on the target, and to surprise all of us, all the goal was on the phone . .
My uncle went into the others and in Arabic, said,``Iron Aba . ''
From a parent, such son.
All of them, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they seemed so funny . . .
They saw me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
These people later would be convicted by putting up a van with 700 pounds of explosions in the underground parking of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and he died another 1,000.
I admired those men . . . .
I called them``ambiguous ,"which means you.
When I turned 19, I had moved on 20 times . That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable close close to someone, it was time to empathize and to get to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class with frequency, it was matches.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and round, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time, I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, to grow up under families, was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated for judging people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way of thinking, was in the presidential elections of 2000.
In a cave program that I participated in the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group stood up in the subject of juvenile violence, and I had been a matrix of killing almost all of my life, and I was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different projections.
One day, to the end of the convention, I found out that one of the kids who had made it, was Jewish.
I took a number of days to get out of the light this detail, and I realized that there was no anxiety between two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I was very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was influenced.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in development of my character.
All of life had taught me that the homosexual was a sin, and by extension, all the homosexual men were bad influences.
By chance, I had a chance to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and most critical I had seen in life.
Having been harassed by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling, I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that's going to be gay, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Daily Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest to my intolerance, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, it turned my campaign in a moment when I was desperately using it.
Occasionally, inspiration can come from unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way of thinking, and she told me something that I would consume in my heart forever, as he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough democratic and said,``I'm tired to hate . ''
At that time I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate inside.
My real name is not Zapa Ebola . . . .
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life . . .
So why I decided to go out and put into a risk?
Well, it's simple . . . .
I've done it because I hope someone, someday, who you are trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better walk, that even though I was driven to this violent and intellectual ideology, I didn't get a fan.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the terrorism victims, I'm going to talk about these meaningless acts, as a rejection of my father's actions.
And with this simple, I'm glad here as proof that violence is not interesting to any religion or race, that kids don't have to follow their parents.
I am not my father . . .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that's projected in your mind . . .
It's an incredible muscle film.
It's in 3D, and it has some sound sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has autism, taste and texture.
feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It's got memories, like moments of your childhood that's projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly an superimposed voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction . . .
This film is your awareness of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human beings.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you and you and you . .
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness of your own.
I don't have any certainty that you are aware of . . . .
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the movie movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say that it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective . . .
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective . .
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predicted that vision . . .
psychology would study the behavioral behavior, neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but nobody ever mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like French Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said,``Now it's the moment for science to take consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real illustration, a flourishing scientific work of consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness . .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Karland did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a control science . . .
It's not an explanations science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why . . .
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience says some questions that we want to explain consciousness: The questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they are correlated.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
Not offense the neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I don't deal with the true central mystery of this matter: Why do every physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a sub-Saharan movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's tell you a few years to the neuroscience . . .
It will become another emergent phenomenon like megabilitarians, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surfaces are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the emitters operate, how the hurricanes work, how the hurricanes are reproduce, how they reproduce, they adapt to the living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems . .
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that everything is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here, the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the encyclopedia that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But finally, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we walk at this point.
We have a wonderful, wonderful explanation chain . We're going to take it to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a species of anomalies, something we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that are going to be crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way . .
There are some possibilities for these crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who is here today, has one . . .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors, and so you study everything that needs to be explanation.
Well, more power for it . .
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go into a different direction . .
In the time I'm left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass . . . .
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics . .
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
Instead, they consider fundamental, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental goes up.
In the late 19th century, Cambridge found that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental, fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton in Newton, so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws are going.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, load, then by logic, you have to raise the list.
The most natural would be to clean consciousness as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science . . .
It opens up the way to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can stay in a remix.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that are so simple that we can be in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal . .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness . . .
This view sometimes is called``passengers ,"for everyone,``psyche"by mind, not just humans, not just humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes of Rob Kennedy, the elementary particles.
Even a photographer has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anxiety when you think,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No, so not.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some kind of credit, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This may sound a little crazy for you.
How do you think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just as the other . .
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate the thinking with physical process, is links to consciousness with information.
And whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
complex report processing, like a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness . .
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Giuliani Young, took this kind of theory and developed it beautifully with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called sheep, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And it's supposed to have to do with consciousness . .
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of pH, a lot of consciousness . .
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration, very significant, very important awareness of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, the microbes, the particles, the gravitation.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero.
In the Tunisian theory, there will still be a different level of deep awareness.
I actually proposed a fundamental law of consciousness: high school, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that planning can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world . .
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that goes down.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where do you get the fire of the equations? ''
From mainstream vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists basically do, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right there in the middle.
This vision, I think, the panicking vision, has the potential to translate our relationship with nature, and it can have fairly serious social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything I had consciousness, then I should be vegetarian.
If you're a panic and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger . . .
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, while what matters in ethical terms and moral connections, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the``Horse"movie??
Is it conscious?
According to the visual information vision, she has an integrated, integrated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious . . . .
If this is right, you have pretty serious ethical problems about the height of intelligent computer systems and the ethics to turn off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective, the planet . .
Does it have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk . -- right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this view, it's a radical view, and I don't know if it's correct.
I'm actually more sure about the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental, that it is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those people of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right way to a theory of serious consciousness.
If you don't, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy . . .
We can't wait for it overnight.
But I think we will finally let it discover.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I believe, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
We may only need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victorian . .
I had a very normal profile, low education profile.
I went to school, and I teamed up with my friends, and I would leave my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to join for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there is an obvious problem.
She's actually not getting anything . . ''
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's foot, and I spent a lot of time looking at the``Sherdachen Sillet"and``Dr.'s Creek . ''
Yeah . I know that.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a logo if we took the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching at a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes of the legal studies, a man raised his hand and said,``Hey, when you get your speech? ''
And I said,``What's a speech? ''
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about intuitive things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the act of acts . ''
And that was when I realized: This kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as inspiration objects.
And we are not . And it's not the fault of the guy, it's true for many of us.
For us, the disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our managers . .
We're not real people . We're there to inspire them . . .
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking like what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid of them.
I'm not here to inspire you . . .
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disability . .
Yes, we've sold the lie that the disability is something Mall, Mayan, M mass.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you great.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social community media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is involved ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before I abandon, interesting! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be that you've seen one, from your hand without hand drawing with a pencil of the mouth.
You might have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration . .
And I use the term polling deliberately, because they have a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we're looking at the disconnects in benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire it, to motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, I could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times I've been telling you strangers, wanting to express that they believe I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I'm going to be happy for me in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to code.
These images, those images use people with disabilities in benefit of people without disability . .
They are there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or putting your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We knew some things.
But the things we know is not the things that you think of.
It's not religious things to our bodies . .
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I was subscribe to call the social model of the disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very thrilled with him . . .
I do the things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what's going on with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability . . .
So, is it really fair to affect it in the way we do it, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that the discipline makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here putting the inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
Learning from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them . .
I learned that this is a great idea, using a lot of barbecue pieces to collect the things that they fall down to me, and I learned the trick of how to load the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that exception and cost us . . . . . .
I really believe that the lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's feeding is because it's not true, because of the social disability model.
A lot of smile in a stairs of stairs has never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never . Singapore in a television screen will not be able to get the subtitles for the deaf people.
Nor a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and a positive attitude convert all those books to the braille.
It's just not going to happen . . .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not except, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching``But The Valentine Sun"is not considered to be in a chair . . . .
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where an 11 degree in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but to question what you think you know about the respect, you know.
Thank you.
What do you have to do, augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a coordination without charge?
Unfortunately, today only answer one of those questions, so, please, they don't get away.
When people really think about it, they think about``Ministry Report ,"and Tom Cruise sends your hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality was to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing: the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experiment what is being a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a frame that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what it is to run through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a man of 130 pounds lost us, trying to declare us with all its own.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice . .
I bring some videos to show you what's going to use the Google Glass under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practices, because the idea of the emerging technology NFL is a submarine rising to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video . .
Chris K: Come on.
It's awful to be taken.
A moment . Let's get a little bit.
So ready?
Go!
Chris K: As you can see, it's a proof of what it is to be taken in the football field from the perspective of the keyboard.
They would have realized that it's missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington . .
Field malaria: mice 54! mice 64!
Blue 8, blue 8! Go!
Chris Kelly: That's a little bit more to the feeling of the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it will be their favorite players, and they've asked me YouTube and on Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field pack.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from fill, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Richard Rift, which surely many you know.
The Rift East has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not a cheap word . .
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh my God! Oh!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fear for her life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, get rid of a trick with your arm before running and doing an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can messages be running around the shell, throwing the bullet down the network, or Federal doing a driver in Wired??
What will be your experience when you get up from a mountain to over 100 miles like an Olympic skier?
Maybe the sales of hairs for adults.
But this is not still augmented.
It's only virtual reality, River . .
How do we achieve the augmented reality, RW?
We reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the magnesium and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they're always using technology to win.
They like to win . You give them money . .
So, here's a little clip on the technology in the NFL . . .
In 1965, the Baltimore governments put them a lie to their field yard to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the camps of the field, and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group, and you see his next game shown in front of you, on a plastic vision that you take . You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They only go out and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose games, they wake you as an coach . . .
And they don't want that . . . .
But the augmented reality is not just a manual status.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way to play the game . .
How would you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera on every corner corner of the stadium having a view from the people who are down.
We also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer sensors, something that is already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know.
The bad will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So, your computer team will be as important as your recipients, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It will be for sports . Who would have imagined?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field of field.
You get the balance and you come back . . .
You're looking for an open receptor . Suddenly, a foot on the left side of your visit, you can see that a defense behind you are going to attack you . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the system of Rio is looking at you . . .
You travel to the protected area.
Another party is, you know, there's an open receptor . .
You toss the cane.
And the ball loses the trajectory . .
You don't know where to land . However, the receiver sees in his bombsight an area of grass that goes up and can modify the race.
It's kind of like, you know, it grabs the ball, it runs and it runs.
The public, and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player . . .
The reality is to be part of sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth sports.
It generates billions of revenue a year . . . . .
But how much is this technology going for a professor in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology going for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show you the world how you live?
How much is it worth a Hall Hardy or a dense Neil Tennessee, trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly and saying?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality comes up . . .
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we confront, depend, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire me after 23 years of service in the ivy Earth of California . .
And most of those 23 years, I spent the end of the surface of Navy County, which includes the Goldman Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic, known global structure for its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates bridge was open in 1937 . . .
Joseph Strauss, chief engineer, who was able to build the bridge, said,``The bridge is pretty much a suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from their openness, over 1,000 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will bring it to another dimension, and this bridge has been involved as such, so that the fall of it is freed from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that spend under clean your soul.
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to make suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body guides the water about 100 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact . . .
Those who don't, normally fall into the defenseless water and then drowned.
I don't think that you put this suicide method to be aware of the dead engine that they will be facing.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to bridge.
This is where most people are in front of their lives.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring it back . . .
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke with an officer contemplating his life . .
I want to tell you with joy that we had that day to bring it back on the trailer.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who put suicide, but the officials too.
We've come a long way since.
Today, of course, veterans and psychologists train the new official . .
This is Jason Gardner.
I met it on the 22 of July last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center . . .
I responded, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a Golden Gate officer . .
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the Pandora's story . .
I remember the Greek mythology, Zeita created Pandora, and sent her to Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could get more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
It was out of it out of it, players, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open your box and there's no hope? ''
He stood up a few instances, and he leaned to the right, and it went.
This beautiful and intelligent man in New Jersey had just taken the life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I assumed that when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be smiling very well, because the next day, my family rabbi called me to see what it was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone love was suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to talk, but you have to hear.
Listen to you.
Don't apologize, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
I'm just going to be there, you can be the point of hell that you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is,``Others in similar circumstances have thought to end your life; you've had these thoughts? ''
To confront the person in front can save the life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look at: despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better -- impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it; recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady, and I'd like to read you their letter.
She lost her son on January 19 this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read.
\" Hi, Kevin ., I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It should be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go on the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home and talk about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite unsustainable, but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Palestine to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with his father on the January 19.
It never got there . . .
I called the police police and he reported it as the night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house, and they reported me that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
One witness had seen it jump from the bridge at the evening of the day.
Thank you very much for finding those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before without having a real mental illness?
It should not be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are still with your fight.
The GMT, the bridge Golden Gates is supposed to be a ticket through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
It's good luck this week, Viking.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and go through the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go out . . .
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call for a sufficient subject on the bridge around the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle through the sidewalk and I looked at this man, Kevin Bernie, standing on the sidewalk.
And when I looked at it, I got the gang immediately, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next and half time, I heard as Kevin talked about her depression and despair.
Kevin decided on his account that day back on that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
\" This is a new start, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What was it that made you go back and give to hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I hear.
They let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brigades, nothing erase the events on March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
Honestly, I think that Kevin was clear for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly measured . .
I took Kevin when I only had six months, completely unaware of all of those inherited traits, but, thank God, we know it now.
Kevin is in order, like he says . .
We give God for you for you . .
In debt with you, New Yorker . ''
And at the end she wrote,``PH . When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
\" Wow, I did have to solve it! ''
Currently, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
I'm talking about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal . . . .
My grandfather suicide to poison.
That act, despite the end of finishing his own pain, drives me the opportunity to know.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who considered suicide, they didn't think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain.
Typically, this is done only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and supermarkets around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much . .
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I threw my hand in three times.
In the final squeeze, I looked, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
But horror, absolutely awful . .
I want to tell you, however, that the vast majority of people we get to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
In addition, those few that have jumped out of the bridge and alive, and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second that they put out of the dancer realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't just connect Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or the bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope . .
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question reminds you,``How do you become that? ''
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I finally had achieved the dream I had ever since.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to give you later, when I look at this picture, I think of this picture, you get it, you get.
But the last October, I discovered that, as I'm starting.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by skin color or for the belief of those around us.
They're people who always defy the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my neighbors, my agent, to ignore my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a``child"at birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember that at my five years in the Philippines, in my home, I always carried this t-shirt in my head . .
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I am a girl . . ''
I knew what I knew.
The gender has always considered an unhealthy fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my story, not because I thought I'll be what I'm bad, but how the world is about those of us who want to release them.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, child goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a constraint beauty.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in beauty? ''
He told me that if I participated her, she would meet the consumers of insecticides and the equator, and that night, I won on bathroom, he won in a room and was a third end of the top of 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of red beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a queen of beauty of women, but I can.
I also met the device day, especially when we traveled to remote phones from the Philippines . . .
But more important than all that, I met my best friends from that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me, and told me that I was trying to take my request from the green card that could go to America.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mom, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know if you moved to the United States, can you change the name and the identity identity? ''
It was all I needed to listen . .
My mom suggested me to put two to my name.
She also approached me when I was going to forget in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and safe surgeries.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and the gender . . .
So, in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver license with the name of Gene and the F of female gender.
It was a great moment . . .
For some people, their identity document means they can drive or can be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel a dignified.
Suddenly, my fears were signed.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think about this woman at the member of Momin Let's . .
A young woman in New York City who conveniently lived his truth, but, he was able to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November's 20 we make a global vegetable by the Day Democratic Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P.C . Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this same time, I'm coming out of the closet . .
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there are no more surveillance than November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am . .
Do you do it? ''
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: George, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure . You'll see, first, thank you all my blessing.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all of the times I've attended young women to train, that I volunteered, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept me, and I would take the phone, I would call my mom and say,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it would work, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right??
That is, all of you are assigned by a gender to born, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table, the subject that sometimes it doesn't square, and there should be a space that would allow people to anticipate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The shipping movement is beginning with the gay movement . .
There's still a lot of work for doing . . .
You should have understood.
There should be a space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are often known to their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malari started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were held in 2011, when their efforts were held in 2011, the National Peace Prize of peace was made very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I am his father . . .
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the story of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation . .
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a girl is born, their birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for her father, not for his mother . .
The neighborhood comes, gives their contacts to the mother and no happy pain.
And a mother was very overwhelmed for having a girl . .
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he's shocked, and with a son's hope, when he aluminum his third daughter, he feels guilty like a criminal . .
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter . The newborn daughter, when it grows, suffer also.
At age five, when I should go to school, you stay at home and the school admit to his siblings.
Up to the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
It can be fun . . . .
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly . .
But when you go into the adolescence, when he turned to 13 years, it's promised to leave her home without a male accompanied.
It's confined at four walls in their house.
It's no longer free.
It becomes the honor of her father and his brothers and his family, and if he transferred the code of that honor, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this support code of honor, not only the life of a girl, also affects the life of the family members of the family.
So this brother is sacrifice the joy of her life and happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor of honor.
And there's a norm of the patriarchal societies that is called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very sum.
It's the criteria . .
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet, and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if it doesn't want . .
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to embrace it, because it doesn't want to be helpful.
If you get them very young, you have to accept it . . .
Otherwise, they call it destructive.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet,``The married, the fight, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he ties the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
He loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, trust me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary little freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from March, and I called my daughter like that . . .
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote,``Malaria . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admitted her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the admit of a girl in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in America, in many developing countries, but in poor countries, in random societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the child's life.
Installation in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name . . . . .
An admiration to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore its potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I turned the Canadian eye form, and I was on the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the backs of some of my sisters . . .
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my written sisters in no document . . .
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters thought I had to change.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I'm encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me . . .
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to inject them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi . . .
I've inspired all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike . .
I use education for emancipation.
I taught my daughters, I taught the students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I teach students to forget the lesson of the credit call.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought for the more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights . .
It was called tradition.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost . . . . . .
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use mild and stop going to markets.
The musicians were quiet, the girls left and the killings.
They had millions, but a few of them talked, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and pull out when you talk for their rights.
It's really scary.
By the age of 10, malaria went up and stood up on the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, he offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and he spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice . .
It spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of 2012, they shot into the head.
It was a Brazilian day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was debate between life and death, I whispering to my wife,``Should I be blamed for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he said,``Please, don't get you.
It defended the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, for the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter will inspire you and you came together.
They were both on the right way and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Queensland was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread out of my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to tell us,``I'm fine with my husband and the enthusiasm in my face.
I'll get right . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it costs us.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his homework . .
She fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me,``What's special about my tutor that has made malaria so courageous, expressive and economics? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut your wings, and that's it . .
Thank you very much . .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you . . . .
I was organized by the brain 18 years ago, and, since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer . . .
I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Moog group . From Google, where I've had a split to my charge, the Google X visualization, but all of the work I'll talk about today about the science of the brain, I did before I joined Google or outside of my job there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you hold a brain operation.
Do you keep either intelligent or not?
Isn't it going to be so clever?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurologists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to figure out how to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, it would die in a few hours . . . .
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and computers, and try to get it, to keep living.
More than once I've been saved.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experiment to try and get the doses, because there isn't really there a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and it was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my autism, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case: For a few months, I tested doses and typical chemicals for a man of twenty, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts would change.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I believed that I was the smartest person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past I've known several types like that, or maybe some attentive versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to get a problem that I had in the front, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my doses.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through, since I get better with men.
So what I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
It tends to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want? test new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thinking is not new . . .
Children like Human, Descartes and hotels look at things like that . . .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are people who question this idea, and there are lots of arguments about how the mind works . It's simple for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So after several years, I was able to find the right point, and I've got lots of great mental, mental, very vivid, some structures.
Now, I'm working on how to carry these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
You can imagine what will happen if a movie director is able to use your imagination just to address the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract your head music?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light . .
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
So let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments made by two disabled groups.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional MRI, to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan made by Greenwich profits and their colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning of a person who looks at an image.
The museum of the medium shows the scanning of that same individual as it imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the content of the central column on the left, you see the difference is almost naked.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost noble.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Gallery in Berkeley, California . .
They were able to turn the brain waves into the acknowledged visual fields . .
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube, while they scan their brains to create a huge range of reactions of the brain in the video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as well as a new scan.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan, decided to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer measurements, and on the left, the video you showed.
This left us at adversarians.
We're fine about making it.
We just need to improve the resolution . .
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest resolution systems available today, and their resolution became increased as a thousand times in the last few years . .
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I'm not offered for that.
Many of them are providing new projection techniques, even me, telling with the recent result of the MRI, first we should ask the following thing, is this technology going to be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, bigger magnets just offer little improvements in resolution, don't increase for thousands as we need . .
I propose this idea: rather than bigger magnets, make better magnets.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spreading . . .
And why does this care?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in register of innovative and brilliant solutions in coding and decline, in the transistor and radio receptors of FM frequency in the systems of IBM . .
At the same time, instead of a magnetic field, we use magnetic magnetic patterns used to the FM radio frequencies.
So, by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan . .
In addition, we can then divide into layers of our growth knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the MRI we should be able to measure not only the oxygen fluid fluid, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly into digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly by thinking?
What would we be able to?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be compelling to use as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, choose one year, happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have closet.
Their closet may probably say to some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been thrown in in life.
All closet is a difficult conversation, and although our subjects can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived, and it's going out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working at the South Wall Camin Cameron, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several phases from the intensity of the Asian miracle: I wouldn't whisper my armpits, quote the lyrics of Abed di France as a litany . .
And I'll be aware of that, because of my short screen, and I've been shaving my head recently, I would ask myself a little boy,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a range of rage . .
And the father will love the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would hurt inside . . . .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling . .
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was ready and he was about to come out of the female affairs on the table . I had the quote by Betty Friedman.
Global Stein's dates.
Even a snippet of the``Vagina Monologues"I'll show.
So I'm going to breathe, and I went down the look and my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question:``Are you a kid or girl? ''
So I would breathe again, I put up close to it, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a guy, and I see a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, just as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable stick.
Well, I'm more than kind of a child from a comfortable public . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and said,``My favorite pajamas is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a match, please? ''
And that's it . only,``Oh, OK, you're a girl . . . . .
What about the painting I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation that I ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both, we were honest with each other.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and I know, often, my walls used to be a car.
But inside the darkness, you can't know what color is.
You just know how a feeling is being lived in a closet . .
That's how my closet is not different than you or your or yours.
Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet was more difficult than to come out of your closet, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard is hard.
Who can tell me that I'm going to tell someone that you've told you in a broken bank is more difficult than it has been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that tells your five year-old child than you're going to divorce?
There's not something else, there's only a hard thing.
We need to stop classification what it is hard to respect to what it's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something.
At some point in our lives, we all live in harmony, and they can make sense, or at least security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse line, a dress and high shoes . .
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight for any four years who would go into the coffee . . .
I was frozen in the fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay hair, and moving just a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, full strangers with whom I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
It was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that big, kill you.
One of my most memorable games was in my sister's wedding . . .
It was the first time a lot of the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my liver ladies, in my black dress and toys, walked around the table and finally I came to a where the friends of my parents, people who knew me years . . .
And after speaking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay story battle had begun.
\" Ah, were you ever in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Half, do you know my Antarctic stigma?
It's very good, and he has never talked about having nine . ''
\" Two, what's your favorite TV program??
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who love us? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . . . . . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but instead of showing his support, to me know that I was on my side, he finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as they have all of the green launchers.
Sure, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt like a lot.
It's not very hard to finding them and realizing the fact that they were dying.
And what else can you ask for someone, but to strive?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
That's how the hard conversations continue to be my strong point . .
Ask anyone I've come out of.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the top three principles of the Galapagos.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it means to leave any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic . . . .
Take the armor . Be you.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: You're going to be direct . Just tell you . Just take your patches.
If you know they're gay, tell me.
If you say to their parents that maybe you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change . . .
They do not give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth . . .
You never apologize for that . . .
And some of you can get safe, discouraging for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find it in a dark closet pushing a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they are not . .
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle . . .
Intelligence, what is that??
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote from Exxon said that,``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as a sub can swim . ''
When Egypt argued this, he did it as a critique to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing . .
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental mechanisms underlying intelligence.
It's a step.
Let's first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the Earth's biology, or the Earth intelligence or the Earth intelligence, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a Earthlings, we know that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it has no concept on Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that make the surface of a planet just stop doing it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led a number several years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that they were coming out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be financially adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for development states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic motion planning, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have been trying to harness robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so, taking all of these different subjects and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, is there a message underlying the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain open options, with a force you, with the diversity of possible future, accessible, yes, even a future, future time.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to be trapped.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom freedom and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: what can you do with this?
How productive is it??
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
Do you predict artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us . .
But what if that biological connection between entropy and intelligence has a deeper relationship?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in a long term, but actually emerges from it?
In order to find it, we've developed a software engine called entropy, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that you find inside . .
And surprisingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence tests, playing human games, and even making money by trading actions, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a human standing without falling, here we see entropy balancing automatically using a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
He just decided on his own to balance the pole.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This tool use capacity will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just as some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Ethiopia is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting themselves, illustrating your potential for the game . . . . .
So here we look at Carter organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the web well connected.
This same network agency is also applications in healthcare, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see Ethiopia organizing the routes of a ship flower, discovered successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend global level its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applied to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation . .
And finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discovering and running a strategy strategy, vegetables in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under their management exponentially . .
This risk of management management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Meggalats: So what you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all of a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action . .
Now, here's a profound irony.
So let's go back to the beginning of the robot term, the``USD"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion . .
The machines will go against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber governance to reverse.
It's not that the machines first become intelligent and then megallish and they try to get to the world.
It's all contrary, that the momentum of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
So you often ask me: How is it that looking for targets is getting away from this kind of framework?
My equivalent of that statement to go to the descendants to help you build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the next one: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much . .
We are at a point of influence in human history, something between the stars and losing the planet we call``home . ''
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures liquid intensity of stars when planets are going ahead of them, and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data picked up by Kepler show the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In particular, it helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
In the same time, it gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not . . . .
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is being able to get the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot recorded.
Got glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on global scale have rapidly raised our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the superstar of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that looking for alien opportunities in the wireless sector.
Now, as someone who's very interested in search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet, and the planets we know best: the ones of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and weird, and despite being a little further away from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world, we've shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied Mars . .
Our Rovers like``Curiosity"records their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it . . .
The satellites that orbit them, like the M.D. mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and you try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their skill . .
The private companies now offer not just short space flights, but the chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these male images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with advanced and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extraordinary areas of our planet that still stays to colonize, really exciting places with Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth the air is cool and full of oxygen exaggerated by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm worried that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other agricultural planets with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from this dispositive supply of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, the Earth . . .
Now, by a lot I like exploration exploration, I'm deeply disagree with this idea.
There's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there for humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will tell us that the party would actually get place in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for interpretation exploration and the Earth preservation doesn't hire.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future . .
The extreme environments in our world lights as an alien picture.
It's only found close to house . . .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and sophisticated areas of land, we can maybe satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I'll leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked, in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are lots of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life for now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become very enough advanced enough to keep living in between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the colonization will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interaction exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to engage the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve happiness on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open up all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a hat, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a mountain could take a long time to get, and I cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend from Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I would get my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure not more expensive than a mountain at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was good standing.
I'm a professor of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress . . . .
Corrupt freedom that goes up the heart rate, manipulating the levels of adrenaline and the thought.
And when I arrived on the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about that eight hours without sleep . .
And I started asking myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that they're going to prevent bad things.
Or at least, if you have bad things, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe . .
So I started thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't crime.
I was dreaming with my colleague Danny Kathberl, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little bit embarrassed he talked about the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a presentational recycling . .
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as well.
You know what it is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and trying to figure out what's wrong, right?
In pregnancy, like Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what you can do to keep things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a commodity . .
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious ones.
In the house, I will decide a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this test, based on how our spatial memory works . .
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of the important things, where it's the good, where the fish are, that looks at the fruit trees, where the tribes and friends live.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's added in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the artists to find their nuts . .
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the elastic sense of the squirrels and they still could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, they get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish . . . .
For his passport, a particular crate . .
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you get a place and you're wrong with it, you'll always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
They take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, a driving card, the passport, you send them around themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, it can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain gets cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and the thought.
So part of the practice is to recognize that we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put systems into their site.
And there's maybe not more stressful, that when you're faced with a medical decision.
And at some point, we all will be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this is what it is about a property for all of a medical decision, and in fact for financial decision-making and social decision-making, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of the facts . .
So suppose they go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, stroke.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a destiny . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know that it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today, and you're even likely to know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, I'm going to take the picture! ''
But there's a question that should be done then, a statistics that should be asked for the most physicians don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number is to treat.
And what is this, the neuron?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or run to a surgery in any medical procedure before it gets a person.
And you should think about what kind of static statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not prescribe me if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's doctor, and if it's a fault of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Sharehamers' estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely respected strategy, what do you think is?
How many people have to take it before they help one person?
300 . .
This is according to the research of cynical researchers Stephen Magnette and Pamela Harbor, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, you would lose brain or another event.
Now, you might think,``Well, a probability in 300, I'll go down my cholesterol.
Why don't you, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistics more, and it is,``Tell me of the side effects . ''
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: delightful muscle and articulate pain, manufacturing pain, but they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think of clarity.
So think about how this is supportive over time, so you don't have to make the root chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that you have to help you.
I'm not saying they should or not take the landscape.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number is necessary to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that most of us are in the late '50s men, the cancer prostate of cancer, the number needed to treat is about 49.
So it is , 49 surgeries for a person who's helped.
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include improvisation or erectile dysfunction, urinary incentives, straight aging, fecal continuity.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent, the effects just lasted a year or two.
So the idea of mastery is to think about time the questions that you can plan to make the conversation forward . . . . .
You don't have what all of this is in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life . . .
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change from opinion at the time, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that's going on at that moment is that a lot of systems get off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism on those things, it doesn't react with rapidly ., it could be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters . .
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes over the window during those moments of stress is rational thinking, like Danny Kamentoo and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train us to think about the future to this kind of situation . .
I think what's important here is recognizing that we're all faulty.
We're all going to fail every day.
The idea is to think about the future, how they could be those failures, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
So I'm going to go back to the snow night in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it . . .
And I have to admit I still have lots of cards I haven't ordered, and lots of email I have not read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm achieving it.
Thank you very much . .
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite music symbol.
It means to play softly.
If you're touching a musical instrument, and you see a``P"in the score, you need to touch more gently . .
Two .' ''
Four' . '
This is my drawing of a tree . '
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound . .
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American signs of signs, SARS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language arrived in the 1800s, and over time of time, it mixed with local signs, and the language we know today as ARES.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life . .
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize it's not true to anything.
Sounds are a very important part of my life, really, in my mind every day.
As a person who lives in a world of sounds, it's as if I lived in a foreign country, following its rule, structures, behaviors and norms without questioning it . .
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound . . . . .
People are like my loudspeakers and applied sound.
I'm learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond . . . .
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't suck the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise to eating the potato potato bag! ''
\" No strangers, and when you're eating, I'm sure not to raise the covers in the dish . . ''
This is what I call the sound tag.
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does.
I'm super super-related.
And I'm always waiting with the sound, the sound, which is for coming up.
From that drawing.
TED, by deciding . .
CNN, on the end.
TB: By opening.
You can see that the ball has no notes in the lines . .
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle, subtle patterns . . . .
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the painting on the AIDS.
A typical pathologist has five lines.
However, to me, to make the self with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural . .
That's why in my drawings I just have four lines in paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting . .
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and while I was from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all audio . .
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to go away from art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know the sound . .
I know it so well that it's not just experiencing through your ears . .
I can feel it in a process, or to experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and find it.
I started to create a new job.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, it was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was a kind of a listener person.
And sound is so powerful that well I could get to me and my artwork, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I'm going to be educated.
There's a mass culture around the spoken language . .
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice.
That way I'm capable of being relevant in today's society . .
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with lots of different performers from MAS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity . .
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight . . . .
Ironically, by asking their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value, just like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get into the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic, democratic medium in the music world.
And I was surprised to see the similarities between the music and the ASP.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressed in the paper.
And the same thing can say about a concept in ASAIDS.
The two are very spatial and highly modular, which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, to get them to understand how SARS works.
So, imagine a piano.
MAS is divided in many different groups.
If you assign a different parameter for each finger as you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the body's movement, the speed, the speed, the speed, the English shape, as the piano is played, the English is a linear language, like it would be just one talk at a time.
However, the MAS is more like a chord, you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea in MAS.
If only one cell would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning . . .
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In ALS, when you use these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal``fixed on that . ''
This is the``penis"signal.
I'm watching you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got caught.
Oops . .
What are you looking at?
Ah, yeah!
So I was going to think, what if I look at SANS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a signal and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music . . .
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and it goes.
This is all day.
If I repeat it and reduce the speed, visually you see as a piece of music.
All day . .
I feel that the same thing can tell you about``every night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights:``night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two . .
So this represents how time is expressed in Asia and how the body distance can be expressed in time.
For example, one thing . It's one hand, two years . It's two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time.
Then,``past".``Using"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea,``there was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per campus.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think about``at the same time . ''
See MT: Right hand, (Right hand.
We have the pebble through the head and the chest . .
( Face: meter, fall .] [In the Camera] [In the chest] [In the chest] [In the chest] [In the chest] I'm going to show you a form of the hand called``fall fall . ''
Can you do it with me??
All of them with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as a chest, and something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well . .
That means``fall in love"in the international system.
The international system, as notice, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please let me do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"at AIDS.
Now, the third one, please.
And again.
It's illustration at USC.
We're going to do the three together . . . .
\" Love ,"`` coloring"and``lighting . ''
Good job all.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in your head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's incredible to see how MAS is alive and thriving, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very heart world.
And only because the MAS doesn't have sounds, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value defines and allow AIDS to develop their own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive . .
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn SARS, not to hear music.
The 21st is a rich treasure and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, engage in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can just fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Karland: Hey, that's me . .
As a child, my parents were telling me,``You can find it all, but then you have to read it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or an ignorance bubble, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults also get used, and that they're not very good for clean people from others.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and I teach citizenship and invention at the Harvard Hong of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk on the beach, you're going to make lots of garbage.
So, like good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something spooky.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big boats and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information in a map.
But it's very expensive, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream with a better way.
We've transformed our tiny to Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this kind of height of work with adjust height so that children very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electric tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic . . .
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students . . .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are really excited about robots.
We then create what we call``a prototype . ''
We're so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we developed campaigns and web cameras in accessories and assemble it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the boundary computer process this image and measuring the size of every particle, to get a proper estimate of the amount of plastic in the water . . .
We document this step-by-step invention in a website for inventors called``Institutes ,"with hope that someone's best.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they were shot with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, clean a oil spill, just using the hands, in Sundays, the largest blood jungle in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water where they bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can see as well as water is brown, mud and oil are also brown color, and when everything is mixed, it's very hard to see what is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called a spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectroscope that can accumulate through all sorts of different spines, which can help to identify what's in the water.
Let's try this prototype with a sensor and send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help a remote way to other children.
And I can investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I'll address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that we have a variety of giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan . .
More than 14,000 people died on an instant . .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima, a nuclear core close to water.
And today, on the reports, a average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has post-inventive pollution.
If we go on the west coast, we can measure Fukushima's radiation everywhere . .
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of us, of course, is safe, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I have come to Fukushima every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the Earth, the river, and this time wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents weren't allowed.
But every night we reported the center center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Together with them, we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we're going to do after, the strategies, the inertia, etc.
And to do this, we created a ruled spinal map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced penguins to represent real-time data, and we rock water to simulate the rain.
And with this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the nervous system and devoured in the ocean.
It was a passionate estimate . .
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We're going to zoom up up to 1.5 miles of the nuclear core, and with the help of the area of the area, we were collecting the sea vessel sediments with a sediment manager as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try and invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, we found a industrial installation in Hong Kong, and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can come true with the help of adults, and where adults can be kids again . . . .
Students: acceleration! acceleration!!
Serious Harry: We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age, transform its wheelchair standard into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, snakes, we need to prepare the next generation for the environment and the people, and so it can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of steel pieces, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is important about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, another for it.
Miguel angels said that when he looked at the drug in raw, he saw a figure that fighting for being free.
The Fifty was only tool of Michelangelo.
But the living ones are not cancer.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all of the information that's required for every cell to work and to replicate . . .
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by the rigor of manufacturing and production in mass . .
The assembly lines have declared a world made of parts, by dragging the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as an assembly of parts of different functions.
But you don't find any assembly materials in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dialogue pores . .
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin: there are no parts, there's no assembly . . .
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of accuracy . .
Here's a split display that represents my vision of the divided world, the personal double of every designer and architect to work today between the summit and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin . .
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analytics and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me . .
My job, at its simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions in the world, moving away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder: why?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they quantify four disciplines that offers designers to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the lies and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a very distant day that one day is not very distant to print entire buildings -- and graphics made of genetically engineered microorganisms that shine in the darkness . . .
Here we've reinvented the jealous, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it . . .
In our next project, we explored the chance of creating a layer and a skirt . . This was for an Irish fashion parade with Irish, and it's like a second skin made from one piece, broken in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Along with a 3D printing controversy, we print this layer and raise 3D with no seams between the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the 200-year-old resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CO2 scanner . .
That designers have access access to this high resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments, allowing to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair in a common, comfortable time, and also it absorbs sound.
The Carter professor, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this piece of irregular surface, it becomes a sense.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, that vary in stiffness, agency and color, correspond to the points of pressure in the human body . .
Its surface, as in nature, vary its functionality, not by addition to the addition of another material or another assembly, but moving continuously and quietly.
But is it the ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature??
I didn't raised me in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters me.
Like,``In the third day of the Creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit of fruit . ''
For that first fractal tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the Earth made trees with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would design be if the objects were made from a single piece?
Will we become a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the basic material, the kind of material tree material, and we find it . . .
The most abundant malware of the planet is called a rubber, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We think that if we can synchronize their properties, we could generate unfortunate structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal seafood . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, and we were moving it, and we put it off.
A lot of the chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, light and transparent.
In order to print the structures at large scale, it was built a system with multiple amounts of extracting, controlled routiness.
The robot could vary the materials of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material about three feet long , 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they're letting them go to find a natural form to touch with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process was used to contain photography mechanisms that first appeared on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday . .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we put the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that are making their transition without problems of it to mesh, and if it gets worse, to windows.
A fruit tree of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp back in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put it on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjustment to our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothing to keep the life for international travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we did our own whole table: new forms of life created computational, made in an additive form and being augmented by biological form . .
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid tar, just that instead of translating beautiful metals, new biological officials are synthesized in very small channels.
This field is called mechanics.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops . .
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms were combined . .
The first is the circumstance.
It lives in the oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
A turning light in sugar, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature . .
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothing . . .
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that is associated with digestive tract, which will help that they flow these bacteria, and they take their way down.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, a lot of the properties of the material for the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This enduring system, when it's one end to another, it's about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a soccer field, and 10 times more than our intellectual intestine.
And here it is, as a prison at TED, our first portable phototherapy, bright liquid channels within the clothing.
Thank you . .
Mary Shell said,``We're controlled creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal mycelium that would scan our skin, would we repair the damaged tissue, and we would have our bodies?
Think of this as a way of editing biology . .
I call this material ecology.
For that, we always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know, a 3D printer printed material material.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . It adds with sophistication.
This worm of worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it is membraned . . .
The nonprofit manufacturing is approaching this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The first silk worm is being used in the environment, creates a structure of tension, and then it starts to hear a copy of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces in life, are manifest in a single material . .
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a worm worm, to the thread.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
By the way, by putting the silk worm in a flat patch, not in a box, we realized that he throws a flat chip and still magnificence.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the carbon structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often sink the silk worms to death inside their cocoons, their silk goes up and used in the textile industry.
We saw that by designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without hurting a single chapter.
It was just metabolized, and we could create these things . .
So we're climbing this process to architectural scale.
We had a high-party robot by making silk plants, and we put on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into more dark and cold, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or antibiotics, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the drugs . . .
We get 6,000 silk worms to a silk farm farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding, and while they were fighting, they were converting, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
It's about the biological silk on the blue silk, and they give all this pavilion your integrity.
And in a little more than two weeks or three weeks, six silk worms look like 1,000 miles.
In a symmetry curious, this is also the length of the silk route.
The movies, after the cycle, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future . .
So here are the two visions of the world . .
A spider silk through a robotic arm, the other filled empty . .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at first.
So here it is to a new design era, a new age of creation, which takes us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, that we have for the first time, for the first time that we're taking care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be? ''
If you had to remember what age had when they first asked this?
You can show me with the fingers . .
Three . Five . . Three . Five . Five . . . .
Now, raise your hand if the question said,``What do you want to be? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety . .
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question``What do you want to be? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, materials and art and developing websites, also, I would play the guitar in a gang called television frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested by something else, totally different, and I'm going to get into it, and I'm like,``Yes! I've found my own ,"and then again that point where I start embracing.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go in that . .
This pattern is a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to make all this in a career.
I thought I should choose one thing, denied all of my other passions, and refine me.
Another reason why I get so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I'm worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me not to define at all . . .
I worried to be afraid of engagement, or being dispersed, or to tell me or my own success.
If you can relate my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have.
Ask yourself, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We are asking ourselves,``What do you want to be? ''
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is, no one cares what you are at that age.
It's considered an naive question to produce nice answers in kids like,``be an astronaut"or``be a dancer ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
And they're going to introduce the destruction of Calais here.
This question is done again and again as we grow up in various ways, T, to high school students, you ask them to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be? ''
It happens to be the right exercise before what we're taking away from the dream.
Why?
Now, if this question inspired the kids to dream about what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything you might.
In fact, he does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer it with 20 different things, even though you're going to say,``Oh, what line, but you can't be a violating of rape and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob chips, and he is artistic rape and psychotherapy . .
And this Amy Negar, a magazine editor, a entrepreneurial, business, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that . .
The notion of life focused is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that I want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that frame . .
And so you can feel just.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And I feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing bad in you . .
You're a crowd . .
A multinational is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a morning like that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that communicate the same idea, as a student, resistance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shermer refers to us as``scanners . . ''
Use any terms you like or invent you.
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see morality as a limitation or the application that you have to beat.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it's this way . .
Here are three multinational superpowers.
One: the synthesis.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
This White and Rachel King expressed their interests shared in cartography, data visualization, travel, math and design, by foundations.
mosses is a company that creates geographically inspiring jewelry . . .
Ella and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences . .
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's what new ideas are.
And the furniture, with all their backgrounds, can access to a lot of these interpretations points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're invited to be beginners, because it was many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we get everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from zero.
Norman Venter is a full time and an independent writing.
As a pianist girl, they were allowed an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she is the fastest mechanism.
Before I became a writer, Norway was a financial planner . .
He had to learn the nearest sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling for the editors.
It's rarely a loss of time to what you attract to you, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field, in a way you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability, which is the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abe Cambodia is sometimes director of videos, others, web pages, sometimes Microsoft consultant, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of his clients.
The magazine Fast Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century . . .
The economic world changes so rapidly and presumably that they are individuals and organizations that can be able to do to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that would really thrive.
Early ideas of ideas, quick learning and adaptability: three skills where the crowds are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're pressure to reduce their goals . . .
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the multinationals to be themselves.
We have complex, multi-landing problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to do in front of them . . . .
So let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you . .
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a specialist and a multinational company.
The specialists can dive deep and put in a practice, and the multinational offers an extension of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But all of us should be able to design lives and careers that are going to keep the way we're connected . . .
And unfortunately, most of them will be encouraged to simply be more like their specific partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recorded with the inner wiring, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you get the best of you.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who have just figured out to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you: recognize with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore the intersections.
Absolutely embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiple, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In the year 19th, a woman called Australia took it to a psychiatrist in French.
It would be stuck, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska . . .
Alaska didn't know how to help Augustine, but she was flying through it until, unfortunately, it failed in 1906.
After his death, Alaska did an autopsy and they found strange plates and smaller plates in the Apple brain of a guy who never saw before.
Even more surprising.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give him more help than Alaska gave him a hundred years ago . . .
When was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer.
And August Detroit, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease . . .
Since 190, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infections, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, strategic for cardiologists and much more.
But it's a little bit progress in the Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimers now affects 40 million across the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million, which, by the way, will include many of you.
If you wait to live until 45 or more, the chance of Alzheimer's will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there's the chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer or helping a friend, or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its costs provide an increase of five times in 2050, as you age the generation of the boom . . . . .
You may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight.
Today, one of the early 10 death causes the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow development.
We understand less than Alzheimer than of other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same . .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness . .
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should: The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 11 years, all of them, scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging . . .
We think that it will be severe in a normal, inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy aging brain compared with a patient's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to bringing away a loss loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by the Alzheimer's reproduces significantly, and it's always death.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the business of Duke a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of an protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds as an origami . .
There are places in the paper that are sticky . .
And when it gets right, these sticky dots ended up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules put together, forming groups that can form great plates and oil.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this is working.
There are lots of steps, and the identification of what step is complex, like defining a bomb.
Cut a wire could do nothing.
cutting everybody else can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and the best.
But there's now a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now you're testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease . .
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen yet.
So let's see a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal normal . .
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick between them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick . . .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this show that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure . . .
After 125 years of waiting, there's real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years . . .
But for that to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need to help . .
It's not about scientists like me, it's you.
We need to meet that Alzheimer's a disease, and if we try, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have found more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators . .
That was essential to move into the treatment of HIV in the late '80s . .
Today we see that same unit for cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too messy to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is around the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Augustine, who can't create the change that you need for themselves . . .
They help by talking about them, and help demanding a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times of New York Times in January this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are running to get 36 more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
By the way, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 :...This really likes me -- Tell you to your partner, what's about him or her -- I know very sorry this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really was called me the attention, the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course it was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of trying this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in love . .
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Amy column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself: Do they keep together yet?
And the reason I believe this is because I've asked this question over and over in the last seven months.
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject . .
A week before that paper was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working in a romantic book over the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog . .
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only about my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times will probably reach a few thousand views.
And that took a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was given, I had no idea.
The article ran online a Friday night, and on Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday, you've already called me the Theater Show and the Google Mountain Monologue.
In one month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with your own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people were calling or writing, what they did every day for weeks, always, they asked the same question: Do they still go together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I did a quick search for my email with the phrase,``Still still? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
It was students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewing myself on the radio and asked.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey jaw where your boyfriend is? ''
And I immediately put red . . .
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to sit comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer . .
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valenti, who included the experiences of readers to test the study in them with different grades of success.
So, my first momentum before this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we're going to make a public emergence together . . . .
I picked up television interviews, and the orders of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the private icons of the fundamental process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute grades.
And I understand that people didn't want to know whether the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: whether it was able to produce love love, not just an adventure, but real love, losing love.
But this was a question I wasn't feeling about.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially, that people were asking the wrong question.
How do you know if we're going to go together or not, and you also tell it?
If the answer was not, would you do the experience of making 36 questions less interesting?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an interesting approach between college students, using what Aaron called super-like personal Archie and programming and reciprocal . . .
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants were felt closer after doing it . Several later studies were also using the American rapid protocol of Iran as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between the members of the police and the community, and they have used it between people of opposite political ideologies.
The original version of the story, which tried last summer, who combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts college, and then a student came up to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed to be determined by it . .
And I was: Do you mean that you would fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause . . .
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I: But did you get better friends?
Did you feel that they were getting better after proving the study?
The psychiatrist.
So, it worked ,"I said . .
However, I don't think that's the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that any of you are looking for when it comes to love . .
I was scared with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was looking at a really hard separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which I was supposed to get all of my life adult, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him . .
So I came in in science.
And they investigate everything I could find on the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow empty the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I would just research for the book I'd write, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought, if I was a knowledge with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel so bad.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence in demanding what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I can reasonably hurt myself.
What I look for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but that I keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together . . .
The story that the media told about about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut for love.
There can be a way for some way to mitigate something from the visual risk, and this is a very backward story, because to love us makes us wonder, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that you ask: Is it still together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not . . . .
So, more than a question, I'll propose that we ask questions more difficult, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who?
How do you stay in love when things get complicated, and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a known study and I applied a study that's designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing that will stay in love.
In love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice of being.
And I'm going to tell you a little bit about reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered anything that I meant.
I would not consider how many times we would have that decision, and how many times I will have to keep making that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and respond to 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest journal in America.
But what I've done, in change, is to turn my relationship to the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy end in the title of my article, which is, in purpose, the only part of the article that actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone, and the hope that he also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few links in the mountain, and in a way I came up with the forest.
something in New York City a while ago, something that really affected me, but more details ahead.
I'll start with when I was eight.
He took a wall of wood, and I buried a dollar bill, a feather and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado . .
And I thought some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange, for example, how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because of it, because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes . . .
At a moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make all of those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I added all the pages and I made a kind of called the San Martin style, the resin covered and a silver bee.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it looked like it turned out of size, as if you were looking at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding over the street, all I could find, because I was looking for my whole life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can draw through, draw the same way around the scene of the crime scene.
And I took out the objects, and I created my own tablet of interests involved.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the refuse layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and these things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Shake.
It was great, man . . .
At some point, I'm interested in the human form, resilience sculptures of natural size with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me . . .
And I went to bed every night thinking of it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window, then on another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, that I call``transparent . ''
For the tropics, I'm going to be inspired by a big measure in Highway Bosch, which is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain . .
Do you know that??
Well, it's a fantastic painting . .
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well,``transparency ."Let's explain this piece.
It's 10,000 pounds.
Four feet long . . .
It's got double, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird . . .
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there is Jesus and the length . .
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analog mesh, where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed in the face, ready to suicide in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
So this is a bird god tied to a corrupt . .
Bill Graham is in the sea; the hurricane -- the periodic platform of the Wallow spill -- the support of Osama bin Laden, there's all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very good in the ocean . .
But anyway, sort of a kind of a neuron.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it writes oil in a hand while that in the other hand you get clouds.
Their hands are like balls, and it seems to be a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium . .
So it's one aspect of the tropics.
It's a little bit of a narrative . . .
That's the hand in which you get off.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a tripod, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds of this nose.
It also has a five feet a long tail, a snake tail that binds the``triptych . . ''
But anyway, its tail tends to fire on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know . . .
His tail ends up in a hot cable balloon made from terrorist cards of 1986.
Have you seen them?
They did in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of their time . . This leads to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One's called``psychopathic . ''
It's a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines . .
But each act acts as a kind of an archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope cap that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This is a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can go into the entrance . . .
Let me take you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that's coming out of the chest, and that's going to cover the penis or noise, or whatever it has, a kind of conditioned thing.
It's a quick repository of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little intellectual scene inside the typical cavity.
Can you see it??
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just as the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This leads me to my last box.
It's a brick box . Cameroous World.
In this box there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emission, a museum, a school, a editorial arm that spread all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We have the box and all the people in the inside hit each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you inherit who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work . . .
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sick, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head??
They take an aspirin . .
But for this pill, it's going to have a effect on pain, first of all.
To take a pill is the most effective system, and it's the most effective system, so that any of the southern drugs in the body.
The downside, however, is that, when you drive any drugs, it's dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV . .
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and to increase C.O.s . cells.
But they're also known by their side side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they're going to get to the blood stream, they dilute, and worse for the time that they take in their destination, which is more important: in the warehouse of HIV.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intact and not easily in the bloodstream of the patients who are holding the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can go away and infect new blood cells . .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a life treatment that is driven by the oral . .
One day, I sat, and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the line of the virus, without the risk of the drugs . ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course . . .
If you use it in dentistry, for the careful and surgery of diabetes, you can be used for anything imaginable, including the interactive transportation of drugs . .
In fact, we're using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people are asked,``How is that possible? ''
We send a small, powerful laser laser on the cell membrane infected by HIV, while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drug in terms of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this vitro technology or in Petri plants, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply in human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first house, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive on the site of infection . .
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that's distributed the drug, releases it directly at the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open . .
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researcher -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied groups, not fatal groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia . .
They do what these groups do when they're not shooting . . .
My goal is to better understand these growing agencies of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to non-violent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a store between states.
No.
It's now a conflict between states and actors.
For instance, the 2,500 peace agreement signed between 1975 and 2011 , 60 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
That's why we need to understand these groups; we should even get them into any process of solving successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons that they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies don't relate.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not a lot less defeat, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lesbelean Lesbellian, known by his violent cooling against Israel . . . .
From their creation in the 1980s, George has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way, the Hamas Palestinian, which was known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the France of Gaza since 2007 . .
So these groups make more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels, Internet sites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the ISIS magazine, printed English and published to recruit.
The armed groups will also invest in a complex fundraising of fundraising, but by using cost-effective businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put in a professional training program or microbial training.
New cream offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to match the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection . . . .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan disappeared by war or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, safety has an incredibly elevated price for population.
But generally, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power . . .
So for example, the 2006 electrical victory of the Palestinian Himalayas can't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group . . . .
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we analyzed the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the forces of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision . .
These groups are hybrid.
They grow up because they take gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give you governance.
And the more complex and the sophisticated these organizations are these organizations, we can actually categorize them as something counterintuitive . .
How do you call a group like Hobby?
They dominate part of a territory, they admire all their functions, they collect garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines are going down.
We live in a world of states, of nations with no state and hybrid, and the more weak states are, like the Middle East today, more intervention and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to engage these groups, they will have to invest more in no military tools.
filling that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approaches.
This is very important also to establish and use peace.
If we understand the better groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to promote the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, military power can earn some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability . .
In order to achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security, to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are vehicles, but I I'm afraid to embrace the``feminist"label would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I'm automatically embarrassed as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started calling me the Taliban Federal.
So what started as a personal joke challenged myself and a deliberate production, has become something bigger.
Let me give a step back.
When I was young, especially in my 20s, I had strange ideas about feminist, these hairy women, angry with men and who hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see what women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when people could be feminist.
To be labeled as a feminist was a partnership, a taboo and unfortunately.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
No one wants to be that woman rebel, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are frustrating: women are equal to men . .
We deserve the same dream for the same job . .
We have right to travel around the world as we do, free of access or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without any need of legislative control or Everywhere.
We have the right to the respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We are not just women . .
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more . .
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing . . .
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear, I am a disaster . .
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist . .
I have another confession.
When I go to work, I hear rap music to pay for all volume.
Even though the letter degraded to women, and I was deeply addicted, the classic``Salt Sahara"from the W Bang Twitters is incredible . .
\" Make it happen with your wet t-shirt . . .
Period, hit, move until you get the shell! ''
So think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely overwhelmed by my musical taste . .
I think strongly at the work of the man, which is everything I don't want to do, including -- all of the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, garbage collection, lawns and manufacturing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that . . . .
The rose is my favorite color.
It's about fashion magazines and good things.
I can see``The Beach"and the romantic comedy, and I've got a lot of the underlying stories that make it real.
Some of my crimes are more waste.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband's worth, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his kids, I accept that choice, too . . . .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is concerned in ways that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
The conventional feminism that has ignored or demonstrated scientifically the needs of women of color, workers, gay and transgendered, in favor of white, head-on-out, high-performing women.
Listen, if that's good familiar, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens the following: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put standard feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that we have to adapt to perfection.
When you get disappointed, we would take them very much from the same pedestal where we put them.
As I said, I am a disaster; I already considered me from that pedestal before I try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
You're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist"by fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not to be able to meet a little realistic expectations.
Take for example to Beck, or like me, the Gods.
In the last few years, it's a decentralized feminist.
At the Video Music Apples of 2014, at MTV, act on the word``feminist"of three feet high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop of the pop embrace the feminism, and make women know the women and young men who become a feminist is something to be proud.
Last time, the cultural critics began endless arguments if Beck was or not exactly feminist . .
They rating their feminism, instead of just believing the word of an adult woman and mature . .
We demand perfection of feminist, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive critical, to design the feminism of any woman, by destroying it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that . .
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive phenomenon is the departure point.
But what happens next?
We were able to recognize our imperfections to realize, go into action and be a little bit more brave.
If you listen to dramatic music, I'm creating a demand for artists that will be more than happy by putting an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way to speak about women in their songs until we make change affecting effectively to their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why does it have its music that will be so helpful?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my nieces, three and four years.
It's two magnificent, deceptive girls, and also very brave, and I want you to grow in a world.
Where they're approached by strong creatures that are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best choice will be dressed as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions . .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports, versus the Game of Thrones.
We can change the radio emission when we hear songs that treat women like nothing . .
We can spend our money to go to the film elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative object.
You can stop supporting the professional sports, where athletes treat their partners as an engine bag.
In any case, the men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to post on your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publishing, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are suppressed, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making.
Because we're not a little bit of a disease, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and hope that our decisions get to the top, people in the directors and film producers and music producers, CEOs, legislators, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change . .
We can also match our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book,``Bad Famine ,"says,``Would I prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it, especially, because I was an old man, and the feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it the incident for what happened.
And a few kids would double me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated like nothing.
I started to believe it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to describe.
I'm reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I began to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and family, I also discovered that if it was a little bit of brave, another woman could go and see me and realize that none of us is the world's trying to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything . .
And in the other, I sustain the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I am a good woman, I am trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything I'm human.
I hope we can all do the same.
I hope that we can all be a little bit of brave, when you need a bravery . .
Right after Christmas last year , 120 children in California had been measles to have visited Disney or for being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Quebec . . .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from over half century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something completely worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that I designed the contentious about autism and vaccinating vaccines, disqualified and marked for being a fraud of the British Medical Journal?
Don't believe most of the smart scientists that the theory of vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know about it, but millions of parents around the world are afraid that vaccines put in danger for autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician that I had heard about it, they create their whole professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates continued to be stable about three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers began shooting.
The fundraising organizations of funds like autism Spears are routinely referred to autism autism as an epidemic, as if I could get from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask the people in the control of Collider disease of Atlanta what's going on, they tend to be based on sentences like``crazy diagnostic criteria"and``a better case of cases ,"to explain these growing numbers . . .
But that kind of language didn't break a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of her two years, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow, slow progress of science than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is, and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go . . .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Wangari, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . -- in 1940, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, by adding people around them, even their own parents.
They could fun for hours holding their hands on their faces, but they were prison from the panic as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kansas speculated that autism is very rare . . .
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as it takes reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to miss, because Nano criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, it would be able to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism . .
He once heard that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to their consultants for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Bennington was a smart man, but part of his theories were not beer . .
It classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and messy parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator that I didn't discover.
At the same time, however, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special abilities that deploy in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory . .
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 minutes before I turned two.
When his mother put one of his favorite distances, he said,``Beethoven . ''
But Alexander had a bad opinion of these skills, saying things like kids were just just remembering what they had heard of their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Now, amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test Kansas's theory that autism was weird . . . .
Larry WK, Congolese psychology of London, I thought the theory of the New Yorkers's theory was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John was warm and affordable, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
Long and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to a diagnosis.
To defend the Health National Service that you needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Ray and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population . .
They put a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Johnny model was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were faced in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genealogy of the property . .
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice and standardized frames, as Judith said, and you saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanzi's monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one ever stand out of these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article that was published in German in 1944, the year after Kanzi's article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Nancy knew about this article of competition, but he avoided crying in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s . . . .
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and the kids followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger described as a political disability for life that would require compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was devoted to help in the development of education methods that were especially appropriate for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that was born an amazing variety of gifts and disability . .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in arguments known in pop culture like the fresh social scientist and the developed teacher.
He was beyond even saying, for success in science and art, an autism of autism is essential.
London, and Judith found that Nancy was wrong in which the autism was income, so that parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked at silence with the American Association of Psychology to expand the diagnosis of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes walked in, by replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and inclusive Asperger . .
These changes didn't fall in a broken basis.
In fact, when London and Judith would work in between beating these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out,``Rain Man ,"in 1988, just a little circle, ended up with experts, knew what autism was, but after the unpredictable act of Usain Hoffman like Rome Bubble and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of the Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first possible clinical trials to be used to diagnose autism . .
I should no longer have a connection with this little experts of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The diagnosis number started to rise, just as they predicted Latin and Judy, in fact they were waiting for them to be, making people with autism and their families finally got the support and services they deserve.
So Andrew Galapago came to blaming vaccines for the increase in diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, credible history as bad as the Kansas theory that the autism was up.
If the current estimate of the center of prevention that one in 18 children in the United States are right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzle for the new medical advances, including the term``neurological"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't function with Windows, does not mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily intractable, inherently social, and it suffers from a detection of attention to detail.
Surely, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still catching Asperger, which creates that the cure for the most restless aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in their children's potential.
A autistic woman named Zapon Zapac once said,``We need all the hands in the deck to bury the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate into an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
